Anjaneyulu Yamini 

Freelance Recruiter  

Contact 

Objective 

Andhra Pradesh, India 
13/663 PRT Street Dharmavaram 
Anathapur 515671 
+91(8125760367) 
a.yamini1997s@gmail.com 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/a-
yamini-b866 

Education 

Bachelor of science 
           Pharmacy Clinical                  
Research (2015-2019) 

RIPER-JNTUA 

•  Professional development 
completed in Clinical 
Research 

•  Completed professional 

development in Medicinal 
chemistry 

•  Continuing education in 

Business Analyst and Data 
Analyst 

•  Certified in Google Data 
Analytics role and done 
1month internship as 
google Analyst trainee in 
MEDTOUREASY 

Key Skills 

       Multitasking Abilities 
       Team building  
       MS office 

Detail-oriented team player with strong organizational skills. Ability to 
handle multiple projects simultaneously with a high degree of 
accuracy. To seek and maintain full-time position that offers 
professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time 
management and problem-solving skills. 

Experience 

Currently with: Infinity Career Edge  (Since Sep-2023) 
Current Designation: Recruitment Consultant  

• 

Lead the design, development and maintenance of HR analytical 
tools and dashboards (Google Data Studio) 

•  Support Recruitment team with administrative tasks 
•  Support the recruitment and interview process to include job 
postings, tracking and reviewing candidate applications, etc. 

•  Coordinate onboarding of new hires 
•  Creates accurate, repeatable and scalable reports, both requested 
and proactively, to support business decision-making, including 
performance reports/graphs, dashboards and analytics 
•  Be able to manipulate raw data in Excel to reflect data 

visualizations in Google Data Studio. 

Dec 2019-present 
Freelance Recruiter •Home based Freelancer 

•  Exercised leadership capabilities by successfully motivating 

and inspiring others. Lead HR data projects (Google Data Studio, 
Excel, etc). 

•  Developed strong organizational and communication skills 

through coursework and volunteer activities. 

•  To manipulate raw data in Excel to reflect data visualizations in 

Google Data Studio. 

•  Developed and maintained courteous and effective working 

• 

relationships. 
Identified issues, analyzed information and provided solutions 
to problems. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       Organization and Time     
Management 
       Managing freelancers 
       Teamwork and Collaboration 
       Training and Development 
       Decision-Making 
       Cultural Awareness 
       Self-Motivated 

Software 

Microsoft Excel- upper 
Intermediate 
SQL&MYSQL- Intermediate  
PYTHON-Intermediate  
C language-upper intermediate  
Copy writing & content 
creation-Upper intermediate  
SEO- upper intermediate  

•  Developed strong communication and organizational skills 

through working on group projects. 

•  Resolved problems, improved operations and provided 

exceptional service. 

•  Proved successful working within tight deadlines and a fast-

paced environment. 

•  Acted as a team leader in group projects, delegating tasks and 

providing feedback. 

•  Organized and detail-oriented with a strong work ethic. 
•  Gained extensive knowledge in data entry, analysis and 

reporting. 

•  Coordinate onboarding of new hires. 
•  Cultivated interpersonal skills by building positive relationships 

with others. 

•  Participated in team projects, demonstrating an ability to work 

collaboratively and effectively. 

•  Strengthened communication skills through regular interactions 

with others. 

•  Creates accurate, repeatable and scalable reports, both requested 

and proactively, 

Languages  

•  Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate 

solutions and make decisions. 

•  Learned and adapted quickly to new technology and software 

English-Advance 
Telugu-Advance 
Hindi-upper intermediate  
Kannada-Advance 
Tamil-Advance                               

applications. 

improvement. 

•  Passionate about learning and committed to continual 

•  Demonstrated a high level of initiative and creativity while 

tackling difficult tasks. 

•  Assisted with day-to-day operations, working efficiently and 

productively with all team members. 

January 2021-Aug 2021 
Business development executive • BPO 

•  Collaborated with sales and marketing departments to support 

• 

client acquisition. 
Identified and pursued valuable business opportunities to 
generanew company revenue  
•  and improve bottom line profit. 
•  Communicated directly with customers and partners to build 

strong business networks and relationships. 

•  Translated customer needs into solution requirements using 

powerful value propositions and negotiation skills. 

•  Developed new proposals, contracts and procedures to draw in 

• 

more clients and streamline work operations. 
Identified business development challenges and customer 
concerns for proactive resolution. 

•  Utilized market trends, mission priorities and customer goals to 

envision, shape and close new opportunities. 

 
 
 
•  Assessed current service needs and calculated product 

• 

satisfaction levels to make appropriate product and service 
adjustments. 
Implemented creative sales training techniques for new and 
existing staff to increase revenue and overall success. 
•  Researched product pricing, ratings and performance and 
created comparison spreadsheets to evaluate competitors. 

•  Negotiated client contracts and agreements to cultivate 

profitable business transactions. 

October 2019- Dec 2020 
HR Recruiter • BPO 

•  Placed advertisements, evaluated applicant credentials, 

conducted initial interviews and pre-screening assessments. 
•  Developed recruiting strategies to identify qualified candidates 

and build network. 

•  Verified applicant references and employment details. 
•  Evaluated strengths and weaknesses of candidates through 

effective screening processes. 

•  Collaborated with hiring managers to understand job 

requirements and expectations. 

•  Operated and maintained applicant tracking and candidate 

management systems. 

•  Studied job descriptions and qualifications to determine 

applicant requirements. 

•  Built strong relationships with internal and external candidates 

to ensure an excellent hiring experience. 

•  Advised managers on best practices to maintain compliance 

with applicable laws. 

•  Consulted businesses on successful recruiting and retention 

practices to help minimize turnover. 

•  Emphasized job benefits and perks to applicants to improve 

organization's attractiveness. 

Certification  

ASIAN JOURNAL OF CHEMISTRY (2020). 
Certified in Google Data Analytics role and done 1month 
internship as google Analyst trainee in MEDTOUREASY. 
Certified for Digital copywriter in Learn Tube. 

Interests 

HR Recruitment 
Business development  
Business Analyst 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Data Analyst 
Project and product management 
Copy writing  

Reading books, sports 

I like to read Business Related and the sports Article , Animal welfare, 
woman Healthcare and yoga.  

 
 
