Aatif Anjum
Digital Marketer

Profile

CONTACT ME

+91 8830864284

Aatif.anjum1@gmail.com

Malegaon

@AatifAnjum

@AatifAnjum

Skills

● SEO
● WordPress
● Content Marketing
● Content strategy
● Social Media Optimization
● Social Media Marketing
● Web Analytics
● Blogging
● SEM
● Email Marketing
● Content Writing
●

Affiliate Marketing

Interests
● Reading/Writing
● Sports:

Chess/Football/Volleyball/
Outdoor Games

● Learning New

Language/Traveling

● Blogging/Wikipedia Editor/

Internet Research

Results-driven SEO Executive with 3+ years experience. Improved organic search
rankings from page 5 to top 5 for 10+ high competition keywords for a leading web
application brand and increased their traffic by 30% seeking to leverage exemplary
project management skills, data analysis skills, and broad technical SEO knowledge
as an SEO strategist at Google.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. Digital Marketer

Atellier Studio LLP.. • Work From Home • November (2022) – Currently Working

● Developing and implementing digital marketing strategies to promote

Atellier Studio's products and services across various online channels.

● Conducting market research to understand customer needs and

preferences and to identify trends in the industry.

● Conducting market research to understand customer needs and

preferences and to identify treManaging Atellier Studio's social media
accounts and creating engaging content to increase brand awareness and
customer engagement.ds in the industry.

● Providing leadership and mentorship to junior members of the marketing

team, including training and coaching.

● Developed and implemented quality link-building strategies.

● Recommended changes to website architecture, content and links to

improve SEO positions for target keywords.

● Worked with the development team to properly implement SEO best

practices on newly WordPress websites.

● Managing In-depth experience with website analytics tools (e.g, Google
Analytics, Google Search Console, Page Speed Insights, Mobile Friendly,
etc)

● Managing all SEO activities such as content strategy, link building, and
keyword strategy to increase rankings on all major search engines.

● Building and executing detailed Off-page SEO strategies including guest

posting (Free & paid), Quora, and executing and publishing blogs/articles
on high authority websites.

● Monitor daily performance metrics to understand SEO strategy.

● Formulating and delivering the SEO strategy for all our sites including

technical, content, offsite & promotion

● Social Media: LinkedIn/Twitter

Sr. SEO Executive

Orkst Consultants Inc. • Work From Home • July (2021) – September (2022)

● Created dynamic SEO strategies to exceed market competitors.

● Collaborated with editorial and marketing teams to drive SEO in content

creation and content programming.

● Utilized search engine optimization and emphasized the importance of

link building.

● Developed and implemented quality link-building strategies.

● Maintained knowledge of current market trends and algorithm updates of

top search engines.

Testimonial

“During the course of Internship,

He Researched, Created Unique

Content and Published on Blog. The

Quality of Work Produced at Aatif is

Excellent & Professional I fully

recommend Him for a position of

his Ability to undertake even the

most complex of work.” Propings.in

ltd. (Content Writing Internship)

.

● Recommended changes to website architecture, content and links to

improve SEO positions for target keywords.

● Worked with the development team to properly implement SEO best

practices on newly developed code.

● Researched and implemented search engine optimization

recommendations.

● Managing In-depth experience with website analytics tools (e.g, Google
Analytics, Google Search Console, Page Speed Insights, Mobile Friendly,
etc)

● Managing all SEO activities such as content strategy, link building, and
keyword strategy to increase rankings on all major search engines.

● Building and executing detailed Off-page SEO strategies including guest

posting (Free & paid), Quora, and executing and publishing blogs/articles
on high authority websites.

● Monitor daily performance metrics to understand SEO strategy.

● Formulating and delivering the SEO strategy for all our sites including

technical, content, offsite & promotion

SEO Executive

Digiwale Babu. • Work From Home • August (2021) – February (2022)

● Performed in-depth analysis of new client sites.
● Managing tasks assigned by the team leader on a day-to-day basis.
● Created dynamic SEO strategies to exceed market competitors and meet

client needs.

● Reviewed and optimized client sites to improve keyword targeting URL

strategies, website architecture and content.

● Completed keyword research to target clients based on keyword

targeting.

● Collaborated with editorial and marketing teams to drive SEO in content

creation and content programming.

● Provided detailed reporting and analyses on client website demographics

and statistics using Google Analytics.

● Utilized search engine optimization and emphasized the importance of

link building.

● Developed and implemented quality link-building strategies.
● Proofread and edited client content to alleviate errors and improve

overall quality.

● Maintained knowledge of current market trends and algorithm updates of

top search engines.

● Analyzed and audited clients' websites to address performance issues.
● Recommended changes to website architecture, content and linking to

improve SEO positions for target keywords.

● Worked with the development team to properly implement SEO best

practices on newly developed code.

● Researched and implemented search engine optimization

recommendations.

Digital Marketing Trainer

Universal Infotech • Malegaon • March (2021) – September (2022)

● Hands-on Digital Marketing Strategy, Website Designing (WordPress),
Search Engine Optimization, Content Marketing, Affiliate Marketing,
Social Media Marketing, Google Ads (Basic), Online Reputation
Management, Branding, Blogging and more.
● Providing classroom training in Digital Marketing.
● Training candidates in all aspects of digital marketing.
● Helping students in the practical execution of Digital Marketing.
● Planning and preparing lesson plans for Digital Marketing.
● Handling doubt sessions or query sessions of the students.
● Handling Batch Management of the institute.

● Able to give appropriate assignments and projects for the students to
make them grow with hands-on experience in digital marketing;

Content Writer Intern

Propings.in ltd. • Work From Home • July (2019) – October (2022)

● Utilized exceptional writing, editing and proofreading skills to produce

engaging and error-free content.

● Edited and proofread content to confirm proper grammar, quality and

consistency with AP style.

● Wrote and edited high-quality content and visually impactful programs
under deadline pressure with exciting, captivating and authentic
approach.

● Provided writing support in fast-paced environment for variety of

public-facing materials.

● Managed competing deadlines with efficiency.

Blogger

Self Employed • Malegaon • February (2018) – Present

● Published regular pieces on Digital Marketing/ Technology/ Health/

Review/ Poems/ and etc. to blog.

● Created dynamic graphics to accompany blog posts.
● Connected and interacted with readers via email or message boards to

address needs and ideas of audience.

● Posted regularly on blog and other social media outlets to increase
retention, acquisition rates and levels of engagement with blog.
● Researched creative topics to write, edit and create layouts for new

articles and features.

● Maintained aesthetics of blog through images and troubleshooting issues.
● Implemented SEO strategies to optimize web content for search engines.

● Produced original, creative content for promotional advertisements and

marketing materials.

● Customized and design the WordPress site
● Implemented and assessed the performance of SEO best practices.
● Designed responsive, mobile-first websites from design concepts.
● Adhered to SEO best practices while designing sites.

Here Are the My Blog’s List,

● Aremotely.com
● Uhindi.com

Freelance

Projects • Malegaon • February (2018) – Present

● Spearheaded client meetings to determine project needs and

professional requirements and identify the correct course of action
enhance client success.

● Administered marketing calendar and posted new content to coincide

with new product and service releases.

● Collaborated with internal departments to build digital experiences and

achieve marketing goals.

● Monitored and optimized advertising campaigns using Google, Facebook

and Instagram.

● Identified growth opportunities and developed initiatives to increase

market share.

● Analyzed and reported social media and online marketing campaign

results.

● Increased customer engagement through social media.
● Analyzed competitor pages to locate backlink and keyword opportunities.

● Provided weekly updates on digital marketing campaigns to clients,
discussing strategic initiatives and methods for improvement.
● Created social media content with consistent content and tone.
● Improved page content, keyword relevancy and branding to achieve

search engine optimization goals.

Company/Firm Detail,

Zian Healthcare Pvt.
Fashioni Textile Pvt.

● Published regular pieces on Digital Marketing/ Technology/ Health/

Review/ Poems/ and etc. to blog.

● Created dynamic graphics to accompany blog posts.

EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS

SSC, The Malegaon High School, Malegaon
Feb 2011 - Feb 2012

HSC, The Malegaon High School & Jr. College, Malegaon
Feb 2012 - Feb 2014

Diploma (Civil Engineering), MMANTC, Malegaon
Feb 2016 - Feb 2019

