ADITYAM RAJEEV

630, Srinagar, New Delhi-34 •     +91 8287127553 • adityam8800@gmail.com
linkedin.com/in/adityam-rajeev-3a3b57195/

SUMMARY

Highly motivated and passionate about using data to improve business performance and customer
experience.  Skilled  at  leveraging  data  to  develop  actionable  solutions  to  business  challenges  and
utilizing  data  mining  and  data  visualization  to  create  meaningful  insights.  Excellent  technical
aptitude and knowledge of programming languages, data analytics and data visualization.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Data Analytics Intern , Trainity

Jan 2024 - Present

Created various models and performed EDTA and produced monthly reports using Excel
spreadsheet functions.
Upheld security and confidentiality of documents and data within area of responsibility.
Analyzed transactions to build logical business intelligence model for real-time reporting
needs.

Python Developer, SSJ IT Solutions

Jul 2021 - Sep 2022

Handled scripting tasks for debugging and automation.
Handled interface of a website and managed database part.
Delivered project reports and milestone updates to supervisor.

Data Research Analyst Intern, IIT Kharagpur

Jun 2021 - Jul 2021

Conducted in-depth qualitative and quantitative research on " Semantic Sagmentation in
Autonomous Driving" to identify trends and generate insights.
Analyzed statistical data using both modern and traditional methods.
Developed and tested survey questionnaires on varied topics to collect data for research
projects.

 Jul 2019 - Jul 2023

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science

University of Engineering & Management, Jaipur
Specialization in Big Data.
SGPA: 9.0

PROJECTS

Analysis of Risk Factor of Maternal Health.
Post Pregnanc Diabetes Predictor
Instagram User Analytics

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Skills: Python, C, SQL, Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, OOPS, DSA
Languages: English, Hindi
Certifications: NPTEL, 
Awards/Activities: Received the "Engineering Excellence" Award for outstanding
contributions to project innovation.
Other Skills: Statistics, Big Data, Data Analytics

