ADITYA DABHADE
adityadabhade9655@gmail.com | P: +91 8261902917 | https://www.linkedin.com/in/adityadabhade/ | Stoafolio

Experienced digital marketing professional with 2 years as a Digital Marketing Executive and 1 year as an Operations Manager. Expertise
in diverse industries, including ITeS, manufacturing, fitness & wellness, healthcare, and carbon offsetting. Skilled in strategic campaign
management, team leadership, SEO, Paid Ads (Google & Social Media), and Email Marketing. Achievements include launching a successful
marketing campaign for a B2B Marketplace Startup with over 2000 businesses registered in a month, growing a fitness & wellness
brand's social media to 383K followers, and reducing operational costs by 20% through vendor network management.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Operations Manager

Kalpins - Marketing Solutions

Aug 2020 – Aug 2022

● Planned and managed the launch of a new product marketing campaign for a B2B marketplace which resulted in over 19 lakh

impressions on and within a month of campaign launch.

● Managed and grew a facebook page for fitness and wellness brand through organic (posts, blogs, infographics, e-books) and paid ads
(Facebook, Instagram) with an objective of creating brand awareness, resulting in a follower count of 383K and a page rating of 4.5/5.
● Planned Linkedin outreach strategy for the co-founders at Kalpins) that resulted in 10-15 qualified leads and 1-2 conversions per

month.

● Created and managed a network of 10+ vendors (video production, market research, software development), reducing operational

costs by 20% while enhancing service quality.

● Managed a diverse team of 10 professionals and initiated a structured internship program, contributing to exponential team growth

and success.

● Crafted video scripts and storyboards for personal branding videos (for CEOs), resulting in a 40% increase in online engagement.

Digital Marketing Executive

Kalpins - Marketing Solutions

Jul 2019 – Aug 2020

● Launched a successful SEO campaign for a global software solutions company, ranking the client's website first on Google SERP for 5

critical sales-oriented keywords.

● Executed in-depth keyword research and managed a team of content writers, resulting in a 40% increase in organic website traffic.
● Supported marketing efforts by writing and editing 75+ social media and email campaigns, leading to a 25% increase in social media

engagement and a 15% improvement in email click-through rates.

Digital Marketing Intern

Kalpins - Marketing Solutions

Jan 2019 – Jul 2019

● Utilized various data extraction tools (phantombuster, web scraping, octoparse) to provide valuable insights for marketing

campaigns, enhancing campaign effectiveness.

● Conducted in-depth research to identify online platforms relevant to the business, to assist in creating the target audience specific

content.

PROJECT

Bombay Shaving Company (Charter) | Created a Go-to-market strategy for launching new categories of razor
Aug 2023 - Sep 2023
This month-long project demanded in-depth market analysis, growth planning, and a comprehensive all-channel launch plan for a real
live problem, emphasizing originality and rigorous problem-solving. It culminated in a rigorous presentation before industry experts.

EDUCATION

Stoa | General Management Program
● Gained hands-on experience projects in business strategy, economics, marketing, branding, finance, and venture creation.
● Secured the 1st position in a Goal and Alignment Case competition by creating and presenting an expansion strategy for a EV

Feb 2023 - Sep 2023

ride-sharing company.

● Conducted market research for the Indian pet care market for building a tech-enabled solution that can create access to pet care

services in an organised manner in Tier 1 metros.

● Conceptualized and wireframed a solution for Swiggy’s users struggling to decide “what to eat”, impacting the conversion rate.

Savitribai Phule Pune University | Bachelor of Engineering, Mechanical
● Worked on university's Energy Department project and successfully designed and built a prototype of a system to increase the

May 2014 – May 2018

efficiency of the solar water heater.

● Ranked among top 5% of the batch (Mechanical Department)

SKILLS

Technical: SEO, SEM, SMM, Google - Analytics, Search Console, Keyword Planner, Ubersuggest, Hootsuite, Notion, MS Office
Certifications & Training: Digital Marketing (Digital Vidya), General Management Program (Stoa)

ADDITIONAL

NASSCOM Foundation | Volunteer
● Generated awareness around the social causes like Child Online Protection, Environment, Social
Healthcare, Digital literacy for the elderly, etc. via Twitter which resulted in 50K+ impressions in 6 months.

Jul 2020 - Jan 2021
Innovation, Mental Health,

