AJAY SALUNKE 
Phone 9529075303 @salunkeajju007@gmail.com 

Pune,Maharashtra 

I have 1.6+ years of Experience as a Digital Marketer. Want To Work In A Growth Oriented Organization  
Where I Can Integrate My Digital Marketing skills in The IT Industry Specially to Excel in the Field Of  
Digital Marketing. Seeking to utilize marketing background, superb writing skills, and familiarity with  
Email Marketing and campaign strategy. Familiars with E-commerce platform(Amazon and Flipkart) 

EXPERIENCE 

LANGUAGES 

Hindi 

Native 

E-Mail MARKETING SPECIALIST 

Nov.2022-Dec.2023 

English      Intermediate              

INDUSTRYEXPERTISE 

Customer segmentation and 
targeting 

Knowledge of google 
analytics 

Knowledge of A/b testing 
and Automation. 

STRENGTHS 

Problem-Solving. 

Fast Learner 

Goal oriented 

Machintel System Pvt. Ltd. 
•  Handling all over Operation Campaigns Delivery of Client requirement with E-mail marketing. 
•  Create email marketing campaigns to promote product or service. 
•  Analyzed email performance metrics and implemented A/B testing strategies resulting in a 30%   

Pune 

increase in overall campaign effectiveness. 

•  Create landing pages and POC’s with the help of automated software.  
•  Ensure marketing message is conveyed clearly and delivered properly to prospect.  
•  Ensure prompt and accurate communication with targeted audience via email to minimize unsubcribes.  
•  Responsible for quality downloads. Download are the source of revenue and hence it is important to 

• 
• 

ensure maximum downloads each week 
Identify target audience and grow our email list. 
Implements Email automation strategies, resulting in a 30% increase in overall campaigns effectiveness and a 
15% increase in conversion. 

•  Managed email list segmentation and targeting, resulting in a 40% increase in email engagement and 20%  

increase in convertion. 

•  Tools – Benchmark, Elastic, Mail jet & Send in Blue. 

DIGITAL MARKETING EXECUTIVE 

        Aug 2021 - Feb 2022(Internship) 

Agrostar - (U Link Agritech Pvt.Ltd.) 

Pune 

CarrollisanAI-drivenmarketingtoolforindividualandsmallbusinesses.Carrollapplets you 
manage G market your social media accounts. 
•  Ahrefs, Moz Pro, SEMrush, Google Analytics, Google Search Console, Microsoft Excel. 
•  Content planning and strategy, with competitor and target audience analysis. 
•  Copywriting and SEO editing -Strong critical thinking, time management and collaboration skills. 
•  Social Media Marketing and Data Analysis. 
•  Website and Keyword Analysis. 
•  On page- Off Page SEO, SEO Copywriting, Search Engine Guideline knowledge. 
•  Performed competitor analysis. 
•  Monitored site traffic, back links and ad performance 
• 

Internal and external link building 

EDUCATION 

B.Sc. Agriculture 

2014 - 2020 

K. k. Wagh College of Agriculture, Nashik ( University- M P K V , Rahuri) 

Percentage: 65.10% 

CERTIFICATES 

Digital Marketing; Premium School of Digital Marketing,                                   Pune (2021) 

   SKILLS 

   Email marketing 
   A/B Testing 
   Email Automation 
   Drip Campaigns 
   SEO TOOLS 
   SITE ANALYSIS 
   WORDPRESS 

 
 
     
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
