Address: Kalyan Nagar, Bangalore-560043 |  Phone: 7019468197 |  E-Mail: ajaynarendranaikkm@gmail.com  

Ajay n 

Looking to work in an organization that can provide a variety of opportunities that allow me to expand my skills and knowledge 

while working towards achieving the organizational goals.  

EDUCATION 

Nitte Meenakshi Institute Of Technology  

Bachelor of Engineering (Aeronautical Engineering)-8.13 CGPA 

Bangalore, India 

  2022 

Anmol Science PU College                                                                                                                                      Davanagere, India 

    Class 12– 84.5%                                                                                                                                             2018 

Anmol Public School                                                                                                                                               Davanagere, India 

    Class 10- 9.4 CGPA                                                                                                                                                  2016                                         

PROJECT EXPERIENCE 

Title: Integrated design of adaptive trailing edge wing for accurate shape control and improved aerodynamic performance for low speed UAV 

applications. 

Description: Designing of the morphing wing by performing CFD Analysis of the wings and stress analysis of the ribs. The model of the wing 

was  created  using  the  design  software  using  like  “solid  works”  and  “catia”.  The  design  of  the  wing  was  made  by  improving  the  wing 

coordinate from the “airfoil tool website” and fowler flap model was made to show the reason why there is the significant reduction of the lift 

in the when compare to the morphing wing. The design of the ribs was made to do the deflection testing for the different design to get the most 

deflection for the less load. The CFD analysis was made for the wing design which was created. 

Result: From CFD analysis, lift for the morphing wing is significantly more compare to the flap wing, even there is increase in the L/D ratio. 

And from the stress analysis the model was made in TPU material with fishbone structure  model. 

TRAINING: 

Aerospace Technical Publications in following Aviation standards, 

manuals and tools. 

● Basic Knowledge in the Following Aviation standards: 

ATA 100, iSpec2200, S1000D and ASD-STE 100 (Simplified Techni English) 

● Basic Knowledge in the Following Manuals: 

AMM, IPC, SRM, WDM, and CMM 

● Basic software knowledge. 

Authoring : Arbor text Editor 

Illustration: Isodraw 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INTERNSHIP  

  COMPANY: GTRE,DRDO, Ministry Of Defense, GOVT. Of India, Bangalore. 

  TOPIC:  Introduction to Gas Turbine Engine and To Study about Blade Cooling Techniques. 
  DURATION: 27th September 2021 to 6th November 2021 

EXTRA CURRICULAR  ACTIVITIES 

  Attended SSB interview to  join INDIAN NAVY at Bangalore. 

  Representative at State level Science Conference, Gokak, Karnataka 

  Awarded with Best Student Of The Year – 2016 

  Anchor at College Fest 

SKILLS &  INTERESTS 

  Soft Skills: Team Work,  Quick learner, Interactive and Adaptable. 

  Languages: English (C1), Kannada, Hindi 

 

Interest: Anchoring, Cooking, Travel, Cricket and Movies. 

    Personal Details 

         Gender: Male 

         Date Of Birth: 27-11-2000  

         Nationality: Indian 

    Declaration  

    I certify that the information provided in this resume is true and accurate to the best of my knowledge. 

    Ajay N  

   
 
 
 
          
