AKHILA K 

Mobile No: +91- 9353556799 

Gangavathi, Karnataka India 

E-mail Id:akhilakaturi24@gmail.com 

  Objective 

Looking  for  a  position  as  a  Software  Engineer  in  a  dynamic  firm  that  values  my  analytical  and 
technical skills and provides scope for updating my knowledge, I seek a company that will help me 
contribute to its development while concurrently aiding my personal growth. 

  Education 

•  Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) : Rajarajeswari College of Engineering, Bangalore, India – 87% 
•  PUC : Sri Taralabalu Jagadguru PU College, Karnataka, India – 81.3% 
•  SSLC: Sri Vidya Niketan Public School, Belgaum, Karnataka, India – 96% 

 Work Experience: 
Organization: Tequed Labs. 
Duration: Dec-2022 to Apr-2023 
Designation: Intern 
Title: Stock Price Prediction(AIML) 

•  Stock market prediction project aims to prevent investor losses and promote a healthier market through accurate 

stock price prediction. 

Organization: Raise digital. 
Duration: Dec-2022 to Jan-2023 
Designation: Intern 
Title: E-commerce website(Web development) 

It was a general E-commerce website which was built using HTML,CSS and JavaScript. 

• 
•  The Website was connected to the PayPal payment gateway. 
•  The purpose of developing this project is to perform different banking services online like transaction, 

balance enquiry, withdrawal, and feedback. 

  Technical Proficiency 
Skill Sets: 
Programming Languages: 
1.  Python 
2.  Sql: Structure of tables, Constraints, Functions, Clauses, Subqueries and Er-Diagram. 
3.  Html: Tags, Links and images, Multimedia, Tables, list and Forms. 
4.  Css: Selectors, Borders, Padding, Animations and transitions. 
5.  Basic  Java:  Good understanding of  OOP’s  Concepts:  Encapsulation, Polymorphism, Inheritance and 

Abstraction, 

Certifications: 

1.  Full Stack Web Development Certificate (Raise digital). 
2.  Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)- COURSERA(UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN). 
3.  Python for Beginners (SkillUp). 
4.  Certified for participating in E-Commerce & Tech Quiz of Flipkart GRID 4.0. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Academic Projects 

Project 1: Title: "College event management system” 

•  Almost all IT application are storing and retrieve or extracting information from databases. 
•  To retrieve the information, one has to be used the Structured Query Language (SQL) for relational database 

systems. 

•  Built a web app for the college using PHP as backend and HTML and CSS as frontend and MYSQL as database. 

Project 2: Title: "My Schedule reminder" 

•  Android application that can remind us of any task we mark on it. It can be like reminding us about a meeting, 

time to pay any bill etc. 

•  Schedule reminder android applications available today on play store providing static notification to user before 

a specified interval of time. 

Project 3: Title: "Day and night view of sea” 

•  The main aim of Day and night sea view in comptlter graphics is to illustrate the concepts and usage of pre-built 

functions in OpenGL. 

•  The program aimed at Creating a virtual scene where the graphics showed a sea with its background changing 

from day and night. 

MAJOR PROJECT: 

Title: AuthPrivarcyChain: A BLOCKCHAIN  BASED ACCESS  CONTROL FRAMEWORK  WITH  PRIVACY 
PROTECTION IN CLOUD : 

•  The main aim of the project is to secure data which is stored in cloud. 
•  To prevent data from insider and outsider attacks in cloud. 
•  To provide high security of our data using blockchain technology. 

Personal Skills 

•  Assertive at work and maintain effective work/life balance. 
•  Effective in working on team projects. 
•  Always curious to face new things. 
•  Faith and satisfaction with work done. 
•  Ability to meet tight deadlines and work under pressure 

Declaration: 

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the 
correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 

Place:  Gangavathi 

(AKHILA K) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
