SAYYED ALISHA
+91 9326879744 ⋄ Kurla, Mumbai

sayyedalisha8797@gmail.com ⋄ Sayyed Alisha ⋄ My Country Mobile

OBJECTIVE

SEO Executive with a passion for link exchange, link building, site audits, and SEO. Aiming to leverage expertise in
digital strategies to help businesses enhance their online presence and achieve meaningful, long-term results.

EDUCATION

Bachelor’s in Information Technology, Mumbai University
CGPI: 9.32.

HSC in Science, RD SH National SWA Science College
Percentage: 51

SSC , Guru Nanak National High School
Percentage: 71

EXPERIENCE

SEO Executive
My Country Mobile

2020-2023

2018-2020

2018

June 2024 - Present
Jogeshwari, Mumbai

As a SEO Executive at My Country Mobile, I specialize in site audits using tools like SEMrush, Google Search
Console (GSC), and Ahrefs.
I also have experience in content writing and SEO optimization, focusing on
enhancing website visibility and performance. Currently, I am working with WordPress pages, performing
on-page SEO, and handling link building to improve search engine rankings and overall site authority.

Jan 2024 - May 2024
Bandra, Mumbai

Jan 2022 - Feb 2023
Lower Parel, Mumbai

ICT Instructor
Skill Tree Consultant

Marketing Executive
SETU PVT LTD

SKILLS

Link Building
SEO
Wordpress
Site Audit
Content writing
Hypertext Markup language (HTML)
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)
JavaScript (Programming Language)

WORKS

Upwork. I post jobs on Upwork and hire freelancers for content writing, link building, and UI/UX design. I also
manage scheduling and meetings to ensure smooth collaboration and successful hiring for various projects.

Linkedin I engage in link exchange and link building through LinkedIn outreach, connecting with people for potential
link exchange opportunities. Additionally, our competitors have secured numerous deals through similar strategies.

Slack I engage in link exchange and link building through outreach in 6-7 different Slack communities, connecting
with various people for potential link exchange opportunities.

TOOLS

Ahref Used to monitor traffic, backlinks, referring domains, and keyword performance.

SEMrush Helps with keyword research, backlink analysis, and blog rankin

SEMrush Audit Identifies and fixes technical issues to keep the site running smoothly.

Google Search Console Tracks performance, resolves errors, and manages page indexing.

EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

• I conducted a research project in my second year on the topic The Influence of Homework and Study Aid
Applications on Students Intelligence. The project involved conducting multiple surveys using Google Forms
and reviewing previous research papers related to the topic. This research was selected by our college and
published in the International Journal of Advanced and Innovative Research.

