Aman Chauhan 

+91-7088468909 
a7088468909@gmail.com 
www.linkedin.com/in/aman-chauhan-0739a5195 

Education 
Year 
2021-2023 
2018-2021 
2018 

Experience 

Degree 
MBA(Marketing & HR) 
BBA 
Senior Secondary 

Institute/Board 
Doon University , Dehradun 
Graphic Era Hill University , Dehradun 
CBSE board(PCM) 

1.  Shri Badrinath Vaikalpic Urja lmt. 

  Made record sales of solar product and brough revenue around 10 Lakhs in a period of 3 months 
  Marketing of solar product:- Do Social media marketing to market the product, through field marketing,  
  Built customer relationships by providing necessary education, insights around solar appliances and timebound 

installation and repair services 

  Dealership:- Company gave me our dealership so I easily  sell product in all over Uttarakhand. 
2.  Hashtag Digital Marketing Academy 

Plan and manage campaign execution , on time, on budget and to scope. 
  Work on live project :- Firstly make a website by the using of wordpress and then develop the website .After that 

do On page SEO in our website then do Off page SEO when the SEO work is complete then do Link building of 
our website. Also do content writing in our website . 

  Social media marketing :- Run the ads in Facebook and Instagram to promote website. 
  Ran Google Advertisements and managed to bring 0.1 Million impressions in 3 months. 

3.Big Bazar 

  Aware to customer about scheme they have run in festival season. 
  To download bigbazar app in customer’s cell phones. 

4.Kumaun Mandal Vikas Nigam 

  Research about what marketing strategy they have use to attract tourist. 
  To aware them about digital marketing to attract more tourist in KMVN. 
  To take customer feedback and then discuss to development officer  in which place do more efforts. 

Technical Skills 
  Front-end Developing(Wordpress) 
  On Page SEO 
  Link Building 
  PPC Advertising 
  MS Office 
  Customer relationship management 
Relevant Coursework 

  Product management 
  Leadership 
  Rural marketing 

Project Done 

  Digital Marketing 
  Off Page SEO 
  Social media marketing 
  Content Writing 
  Sales and Marketing 

 
International marketing 
  Performance Management 
 

Industrial and Labour Legislation 

  Wordpress website development-URL link of website 
  Content writing - URL link of website/blog 

website/artical posting 

  Graphic designing/ Video editing-URL link of 

website 

  Facebook marketing – link of your page or pages 
  SEO of website – link to google webmaster/analytics 
  PPC Adwords – example of your ppc account 
  Facebook marketing – link of your page or pages 
  Youtube marketing – link of your channel with 

  SEO of website – link to google webmaster/analytics 
  PPC Adwords – example of your ppc account 

videos 

  Write dissertation on Digital Marketing 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
