Amit Kanojia 
Import-Export Executive 

Work Experience 
Freelancer Export December 2022 - Present
Marketing, Sales & Documentation 

Neemuch, Madhya Pradesh

+91-8619641814

amitkanojia0@gmail.com

https://www.linkedin.com/in/ 
amit-kanojia-9a978119/ 

Profile 

Dedicated export marketing and sales
executive with years of experience in
management, leadership, and importing
and exporting. Familiar leading shipping
department of a corporation. Prioritize
professional communication in all aspects
of management when interacting with
employees, other businesses, and clients.
Excellent administrative and data analysis. 

Assist and provide service to all external customers for efficient usage of them  Products
and handle documents parts of client, so client can go smoothly. 
Analyze  all  market  coverage  and  plan  all  required  resources  for  same  and  ensure
compliances to all time frame. 
Expertise in sales strategy development and implementation, including sales planning,
forecasting, and analysis.
Studying  the  market  in  the  target  country  or  countries  &  identifying  new  markets  for
exports and developing new business account.
Demonstrated  ability  to  develop  and  maintain  relationships  with  customers,  including
identifying new customers and markets and strong negotiation, and interpersonal skill
The  products  in  which  we  are  dealing  in  Herbs,  Spices,  Edible  Oil,  Used  cooking  Oil,  
Brazilian Sugar, Gold and Petroleum Products like Jet Fuel, Diesel EN590.

Sinhal Herbs 
Export Marketing Executive | April 2021 - October 2022 

Monitoring of the shipments to ensure compliance of regulations. 
Maintenance of customer relations and participation in the organization's sales activities. 
Checks  and  verifies  Freight  Forwarder's  invoices  for  both  imports  &  exports,  obtain
approval from respective department Head and forward these to Finance for payment
Ensuring the efficiency and effectiveness of imports and exports, meanwhile performing
B2B marketing in Alibaba & India-mart. 
Liaises with Finance Department for opening Letters of Credit, Tariff transfers, and Bank
Delivery Order for shipment covered by L/C. 

Skills 

Teleperformance DIBS 
Technical Support Executive | Jan 2020- Mar 2021 

Time Management 
Attention to detail 
Negotiation 
Customer Service 
Logistics 
MS Office 
Inventory Management 
C++, C, JAVA, 
Python (Intermediate) 
Operating  System-  Windows
XP,  WIN  7,  WIN  8,  WIN  8.1,
WIN 10, WIN 11 
Word press 

Language 

English
 Hindi 

Troubleshoot  software  problems  and  help  customers  to  install  applications  and
programs. Team lead, responsible for SLAs and team performance. 
Resolved any issues through diligent research, issue reproduction, and troubleshooting.
Engaged with other support teams for swift resolution. 
Drive collaboration and performance culture within and with other teams. 
Used remote connection tools to access customer's environments and investigate.
Providing solution for technical errors for windows and office software. 
Provided the excellent service for the reported issue and resolved the issues by the
troubleshooting method in Microsoft Windows, office, office 365 and outlook. Also
configured the outlook Profile and indexing. 

Eklavya Private ITI 
Assistant Professor| Feb 2018 - Nov 2019 

Took attendance, graded assignments and maintained student records to assist
teachers with administrative tasks and maintain smooth daily operations. 
Built strong rapport with students through class discussions and academic advisement
Taught Basic Electrical Engineering for 2 years and assist group of 18 students at intra-
level competition. 

Internship 
Miraj  Group,  Udaipur
6 months 

Supervised  the  electrical  appliances  over  the  site  and  maintained
the record of the electrical appliance and their spare parts. 
Preparation & record of the Miraj Malhar construction unit. 
Studied about transformer working and maintenance. 

Academic History 
Mewar University 
B.Tech | Electrical Engineering 

Awarded shield for winning Inter Quiz Competition in General Knowledge. 
University best volleyball player award in 2013. 
Spandan’2009- an annual sport meet of Mewar University. 
       - Won the intra-university, Table-Tennis (Doubles) tournament. 
       - Runner up in the intra-university, Table-Tennis (Single) tournament 

 
