Angelica
Torres
Sales & Customer
Service Specialist

ㅡ

Professional Summary

ㅡ

Key Skills

ㅡ

Angelica Torres
Quito, Ecuador

(593) 992897427
nathashatorres86@gmail.com

A proactive and dynamic professional with extensive experience in travel
and tourism, sales, and customer service. Known for exceptional
leadership, communication, and problem-solving skills. Committed to
delivering high-quality service and fostering strong client relationships.
Highly adaptable and eager to embrace new challenges and learning
opportunities.

● Team Collaboration & Leadership
● Sales Growth & Negotiation
● Exceptional Customer Service
● Digital Marketing & Design
● HTML & Web Development & Design
● Organizational & Analytical Skills
● Creativity & Problem-solving
● SEO
● Adaptability & Attention to Detail
● Proﬁcient

in Microsoft Ofﬁce Suite, Google Workspace,
Illustrator, Canva,

Salesforce, Monday.com, Hootsuite,
Mailchimp, Google Analytics, WordPress, and more.

Professional Experience

Vitalics4 Female, Netherlands / Executive Assistant
September 2024 – Present

➔ Provide high-level administrative support to senior executives,

ensuring smooth daily operations.
schedules,

➔ Manage

coordinate meetings,

and

handle

communications with internal and external stakeholders.

➔ Assist in project management tasks and ensure timely execution

of deadlines.

➔ Support various business functions, including marketing, client

relations, and ofﬁce management.

Terra Sur Travels, Ecuador / Sales Manager & Co-Founder
August 2020 - June 2024

➔ Directed the company's vision and business strategies.
➔ Led a team to achieve business growth and expansion.
➔ Developed and implemented marketing and sales strategies.
➔ Maintained relationships with key partners to drive revenue.
➔ Managed KPI’s.

Rebecca Adventure Travel, Ecuador / Sales Supervisor
January 2020 - March 2020

➔ Guided a team of sales representatives to meet targets.
➔ Analyzed market trends to improve sales strategies.
➔ Built strong client relationships and closed sales.

Rebecca Adventure Travel, Ecuador / Senior Travel Advisor
January 2018 - January 2020

➔ Provided expert travel advice and personalized itineraries.
➔ Secured competitive pricing and exclusive offers for clients.

Zefyxa S.A, Ecuador / Senior Commercial Supervisor
July 2017 - January 2018

➔ Coached a team to achieve sales and business growth.
➔ Maintained key client relationships and negotiated contracts.

The Aster Club, USA ( Remote Position) / Executive Assistant
December 2015 - July 2017

➔ Managed a team of executive assistants for efﬁcient operations.
➔ Coordinated with senior executives and managed special

projects.

➔ Administrate the professional calendar of the shareholders (8+)

English Learning Center, Torres Group, Venezuela / CEO and
Founder
December 2014 - July 2017

➔ Directed the institute's strategic vision and educational

programs.

➔ Expanded the institute’s reach through marketing and

partnerships.

Il Delﬁno Tours, Caracas, Venezuela / Booking Consultant
March 2013 - December 2014

➔ Made travel reservations and ensured client preferences.
➔ Advised clients on travel documentation and requirements.

Condor Verde Travel, Caracas, Venezuela / Travel Consultant
January 2013 - March 2013

➔ Created customized travel itineraries and handled reservations.
➔ Provided expert advice on destinations and travel regulations.

English Tech S.C., Caracas, Venezuela / Advertising and Marketing
Assistant
April 2012 - December 2012

➔ Assisted in marketing campaigns and conducted market

research.

➔ Created content for various marketing channels.

Centro Cultural de Idiomas Ruge, Caracas, Venezuela / English
Teacher & Supervisor
May 2011 - April 2012

➔ Taught English to diverse age groups and structured educational

schedules.

SGF Global, Caracas, Venezuela / International Recruitment
Assistant
August 2009 - May 2011

➔ Searched for candidates and formatted CVs.

Inlingua English Teacher, Caracas, Venezuela / English Teacher
August 2007 - August 2009

➔ Taught English to assigned clients.

Faculty of Architecture, Central University of Venezuela, Caracas,
Venezuela / Intern
July 2006 - December 2006

➔ Organized and maintained texts for the faculty.

Atento, Caracas, Venezuela / Teleoperator
August 2004 - May 2006

➔ Provided customer service for the Movistar campaign.

Universidad Central de Venezuela, Caracas

Anthropology
March 2003 - October 2009

● English: Native
● Spanish: Native
● German: A2

ㅡ

Education

ㅡ

Languages

