Anjali Garg

Jind
8307374511 | garg82084@gmail.com

LinkedIn Proﬁle

https://www.linkedin.com/in/anjali-garg-155159309

Blog Link

www inspiringsandesh.blogspot.com

Objective

To enhance my professional skills, capabilities and knowledge in an organization which recognizes the value of
hard work and trusts me with responsibilities and challenges.I seek challenging opportunities where I can fully
use my skills for the success of the organization.

Education

Course / Degree

School / University

Grade / Score

Year

BA English Hons.

Delhi University

7/10 CGPA

MA English

Chandigarh University

9/10 CGPA

2019-2022

2022-2024

Experience

Academic Content Writer
October 2022 - December 2022
Turito India Private Limited

It was an internship for two months by Turito India Private Limited.

It was a portal based internship .

I had to prepare academic content upto grade 12 for English subject on the portal.

Content Developer
November 2022 - January 2023
Hazzeten India Private Limited

It was an internship for three months.

My roles and responsibilities here were to develop various types of content like reports ,essays , speeches
and short stories etc. for students.

Subject Matter Expert
January 2023 - January 2024
Physics Wallah

It was a full time contractual role offered by Physics Wallah.

I was appointed as a subject matter expert for English and Social Studies subjects for creating various
types of content like Daily Practice Papers, Previous Years'  Question Papers and Mock tests etc. for
various TET exams like CTET ,UPTET ,EMRS etc.

Translation Validator
December 2023 - February 2024
GCA Solutions

It was a freelancing opportunity.

I was appointed here as a translation validator. I had to validate sentences translated into English and
Hindi.

Public Speaking and Creative Writing Expert
January 2024 - Currently working
Planet Spark

I am working with Planet Spark as a public speaking and creative writing expert.

I am taking classes for the students from Middle East and Europe, Australia, Newzealand and India.

I am taking classes for the students from primary classes to grown ups.

Business Development Executive
June 2024 - Currently working
Byjus

I have recently joined Byjus as a Business Development Executive.

My roles and responsibilities here are to increase the sales of the company .

Home Tutor
2018 - Currently working
Self

I have been working as a private tutor since 2018.

I have been teaching various subjects including Hindi, English, Mathematics, Science and Social Studies.

Skills

Writing Skills Including: Content writing, creative writing, content development, academic content writing,
proofreading, editing, blogging search engine optimisation, keyword research, critical thinking.

Software Skills Including:. MS ofﬁce, Spreadsheets,MS Excel, Google docs, Sheets, TeleCRM, Intalk, LMS,
Adobe,Canva, PowerPoint,Slides .

Marketing Skills Including: Digital marketing, business development, content marketing and network marketing.

Interpersonal Skills Including: Active listening, leadership, conflict resolution ,anger management, negotiation,
teamwork, problem solving, emotional intelligence, positive thinking, collaboration, counselling, adaptability and
persuasion.

Communication Skills Including : Public speaking, debating, written communicatesentation.

More Skills To Consider: Teamwork, organisation, time management, deadline pressure management, flexibility,
attention to detail, telecalling, subject matter expertise, teaching, tutoring, online teaching, academic
counselling

Achievements & Awards

Certiﬁcate of Appreciation by Department of Science and Technology for outstanding performance in 24th
National Science Congress,2016 sponsored by NCSTC ,DST , Government of India, Haryana State Council for
Science and Technology and Vigyan Manch .

Awarded by Planet Spark as: ATTENDANCE ACE AWARD I am amongst top 2% of the teachers on this platform
for marking the attendance on time and for ensuring the active participation of the students in the class.

Awarded by Planet Spark by Platinum Milestone Award I am amongst top 10% of the teachers on this platform
to receive this award. I was awarded on the basis of teacher performance index.

Awarded by Planet Spark by Perfect 10 Milestone Award I was amongst the top 5% of the teacher on this
platform to receive this award. It was awarded to me on the basis of my practice class score.

Awarded by Planet Spark as Demo Triumph Award for trailblazing in the demo sessions.

I am NTSE qualiﬁed.

First position in district level GK quiz organized by Bharat Vikas Parishad.

Certiﬁcate of Appreciation by Bureau of Energy Efﬁciency, Ministry of Power for outstanding performance in
district level painting competition .

State topper in Haryana Darpan Gk Quiz.

Second position in district level Science Exhibition organised by Association of Private Schools.

District level GK quiz winner organized by Children Welfare Society.

Participated in zonal level GK Quiz organised by Children Welfare Society.

Participated in 23rd National Science Congress for Children as a young scientist. I was team leader and I
represented a research project on the topic,"LETS UNDERSTAND THE WEATHER AND CLIMATE".

Participated in State level National Science Congress as a team leader.

Participated in National Level GK and Current Affairs quiz organized by ICSI.

Participated in ﬁnal round of Climate Science Olympiad.

Certiﬁcate of Appreciation by My Gov and BSE ISF for exceptional performance in 4th National Online Quiz on

Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016. I was amongst top 1%of the candidates appeared in the quiz.

Reference

Praveen Singh - Physics Wallah
Senior Subject Matter Expert
+91 95594 55055

