ANNUSHKA FERNANDES

M . S c .   P s y c h o l o g y   ( C l i n i c a l )

Compassionate  and  attentive  postgraduate  in  clinical  psychology  dedicated  to  patient  education
and  effective  therapy  administration.  I  am  looking  to  offer  a  patient-focused  practice  style  that
emphasizes the well-being and autonomy of patients. Demonstrated a history of building a strong
rapport with patients while maintaining appropriate boundaries.

Contact

Phone
+91 9881 391 676

Email

annushkafernandes@gmail.com

Education

Experience

JUNE 2022 - DECEMBER 2022
Orchids International School, Panathur Branch

Special Educator/Psychology Teacher 

Observed students' behaviours and provided IEPs to be followed by

teachers and parents 

Conducted Psychology lectures for Grades 1-10

SEPTEMBER 2021 - DECEMBER 2021 (REMOTE)

SEPTEMBER 2018 - SEPTEMBER 2020, Bangalore

AstroTalk - Consultant

M.Sc. in Clinical Psychology

CMR University

JUNE 2015 - JUNE 2018, Goa

B.A. in Psychology

Assessment and intervention of patient problems
Increase self-awareness and insight, often providing reflection along with making
connections in one’s self-history and current functioning.
Maintaining privacy and confidentiality of clients.

JUNE 2021 - AUGUST 2021 (REMOTE)

Carmel College of Arts, Science, and Commerce

Clarity - Counselor

JUNE 2013 - MAY 2015, Goa

Don Bosco Higher Secondary School - HSSC

Assistance through talk-based therapy.
Facilitating behavior change.
Enhancing coping mechanisms and maintaining relationships.
Growth and development through treatment plans.

June 2000 - May 2013, Goa
Sharada Mandir School, ICSE Board

SEPTEMBER 2020 - NOVEMBER 2020 (REMOTE)

Dr. Shekhar Shetti | Fellow of RANZCP, psychiatrist from NIMHANS

Expertise

Communication

Problem Solving

Leadership

Adaptability

Empathy

Languages

English

Hindi

Konkani

Achievements

1stPlace - U-17 State Level Throwball

Intern

Updated records and prepared reports to outline program actions, results, and

recommended improvements.

Evaluated dynamics of different personnel groups through a range of planned

activities and programs.

JUNE 2020 - JULY 2020

Dr. Melvin Chagas Silva | MRCPsych & MD psychiatry at NIMHANS, JMJ

Group Hospitals, Goa

Intern

Improved clients' coping skills with routine life activities;  Determined relevant
interventions based on client's needs.

Identified concerns, research methodologies, and optimal experimental designs to

collect the desired information.

JANUARY 2019 - FEBRUARY 2019

Kripa Foundation, Detox and Rehabilitation Department, Goa
Intern

Gathered information and reports on the implementation of evidence-based

interventions across outpatient and inpatients.

Used therapeutic communication techniques such as Active Listening, giving

recognition to build rapport and guide discussion with patients.
Prepared reports documenting mental health assessments after meeting with and
observing patients.

