.

.

Anukriti Srivastava

India

anukritisrivastava24@gmail.com

08840169879

SUMMARY

To obtain a responsible and awarding position in an organization with an established track record where my skills, qualities as well as abilities 

can be utilized.

EXPERIENCE

Job Description:
uCertify
•

Made calls and emails to contacts provided by the data mining team for generating leads, perform demo for international clients over online 

meeting.

•

Dealt with clients from Australia, Oman, U.A.E, South Africa, U.K, and U.S.A.

Job Description:
Vcreate ventures private limited
•

Took interviews of candidates looking for a job, suggested options available with the company, and scheduled their interviews with the 

recruiters.

Job Description:
Franciscan IT solutions private limited
•

Managed school database, website, marks entry, fee entry, and events for St. Mary's Convent Inter college as a third party.

April 2023 - Present

•

Worked as IT-executive.

Job Description:
Mini Mouse kids School
•

Conducted online classes for kids of class K.G and U.K.G during the lockdown.

Education Counsellor
Collegedunia

PROJECTS

Minor project on the designing of RTC(real time clock) using quartz crystal

Major project on the designing of an investigating quadcopter

EDUCATION

 PGDM in digital marketing
Symbiosis, Pune • Currently pursuing

B.tech in Electrical and Electronic engineering
Shambhunath Institute of Engineering and Technology • Affiliated to A.K.T.U, Lucknow • Aggregate of 70%

ISC
Girl’s High school and college, Allahabad • Affiliated to ISC board • Aggregate of 72%

ICSE
Girl’s High school and college, Allahabad • Affiliated to ICSE board • Aggregate of 87%

INVOLVEMENT

Fashion show event
SIET, Allahabad • Techno-cultural fest EUREKA 2k16, SIET, Allahabad

Paper presentation event
SIET, Allahabad • Techno-cultural fest EUREKA 2k16, SIET, Allahabad

Allahabad • City level gymnastics, Allahabad

Volunteer

SIET, Allahabad • Technical festival 2k16, SIET, Allahabad

Coordinator
Institute of engineering and technology, Allahabad • Technical festival 2k17, Institute of engineering and technology, Allahabad

SKILLS

Communication Skills, Problem Solving Capacity, Convincing Power, Team Management, Presentation Skills, Writing Skills

Hindi, English

Painting, Sketching, Content Writing, Travelling

.

.

