Anusha Jain  Technical Customer Service Representative

Anushajain736@gmail.com

Belagavi, Karnataka

Anusha Jain

Profile

97429 54736

1997/12/26

People oriented individual with attention to detail and a positive attitude. Seeking the position of Technical
Customer Support. Coming with strong knowledge of CRM systems and practices, and 3+ years’ proven technical
support knowledge on troubleshooting and ticketing

Education

2016 – 2019
Belagavi

Bachelor of Business Administration
Jain College of Business Administration

Professional Experience

2019 – present
Pune

Technical Customer Service Representative
Amazon development center

•Recognized for ability to communicate with customers and provide exceptional 
service that ensures customer retention and positive feedback. Proven ability to 
increase customer satisfaction through communication skills as well as implement 
additional processes that drive team performance.
•Used ticketing systems to manage and process support actions and requests.
•The process of using data from CRM and other resources to make better business 
decisions.
•Find the root cause of the technical problem and worked on the solution with the 
help of troubleshooting steps and technical skills.
•Analyzed and evaluated the current business processes a company has and identified 
areas of improvement.
•Increased customer retention rate by 11% through Promoting Services with 
Presentation skills.
•Created, gathered, and managed analytic data needs of the lines of business and 
translated them into technical specifications.
•Experienced working with cross functional teams and ensure smooth delivery of the 
project.

Skills

Microsoft Excel
Managed large sets of data, created a dynamic report 
with Excel PivotTables and Performed the use of some 
of Excel's most popular and highly sought-after 
functions (SUM, VLOOKUP, IF, AVERAGE, 
INDEX/MATCH, and many more...).

Communication

SQL
Strong SQL analysis and development expertise.

Research and Analysis
A good understanding of the full project life cycle.

Technical Support

Accomplishments

•Professionally processed 80+ calls and chat per day, helping and providing information and service to ensure 
customer satisfaction.
•Have won "Spotlight" reward for 2 times Achieved Gold reward as a Top performer during peak days.
•Improved the productivity of the team by bringing down the customer wait time by 2 minutes.
•Responded to all live customer queries immediately with 24-hour resolution times.
•Involved with the operation's team to find the solutions that was hampering customer's satisfaction.
•Facilitated customer satisfaction surveys, receiving a score of 99% satisfaction.
•Took 100 to 120 calls in a day in technical downtime and gave the best possible resolution to customers and 
achieved 100% customer satisfaction.

