A N U S H K A   S I N G H

+91-8534875885  | anushkachaudhary2123@gmail.com | Noida, Uttar Pradesh
www.linkedin.com/in/anushka-chaudhary-1bb20821

SOFTWARE DEVELOPER

Efficient and detail-oriented computer science graduate with keen interest in software development and
debugging. Demonstrated expertise in object-oriented programming, database management systems,
algorithm design and data structures. Proven ability to work collaboratively across multiple teams and lead
projects to successful completion. Adept at troubleshooting and problem-solving with excellent time-
management and leadership skills. Expertise in computer networks, software engineering, and operating
systems. 

SOFT SKILLS

Interpersonal Skills

Communication

Collaboration

Leadership

Critical thinking

Attention to detail

(2019-2023)

(2018 - 2019)

 (2016 - 2017)

Bachelor of Technology (Computer Science) 

 BSA College of Engineering and Technology 

EDUCATION

  8.24 SGPA

Higher Secondary Certificate
 Kanha Makhan Public School 
  80%

Secondary School Examination 

Kanha Makhan Public School 

 93.1%

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

Languages : JAVA, Python, C C++(basics)
Developer Tools : VS Code, PyCharm, Jupyter notebook, IDLE
Web Technologies : HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Frameworks : Spring Boot
Manual Testing : Test Planning & Strategy, Quality assurance(QA),SDLC

WORK EXPERIENCE

Academic Content Writer 

worked at Ace My Prep
was required to demonstrate my content creation and creativity skills. 
For that, I need to create/ complete various content generation tasks.

 Content Writer 

worked at Whyral Media
write stories for their YouTube channel about the relationships problems/scenarios in people's lives
(people living in the US)
needing a total of 60 scripts in a month. 

Java Developer Intern

worked at Blackcoffer
a two weeks internship where I was given tasks weekly such as
Visualization Dashboard Test Assignment 
Dashboard for website using a prior set of data

TRAINING PROJECTS

WORKOLIA

a software application designed to help manage various aspects of project planning, execution,
monitoring, and control.
Troubleshot and resolved software defects and issues

Online Car Booking System 

software application designed to facilitate the reservation and booking of rental cars over the internet
Developed and executed unit tests and performed system testing to ensure software quality

Periodic Table Application 

software tool designed to provide users with interactive and informative access to the elements of the
periodic table
enhanced UI helps in better understanding

ACHIEVEMENTS

Codekaze(Coding Ninjas)

Participated in the two round coding contest organized by Coding Ninjas and secured AIR of 7348

CERTIFICATIONS

Online Training in C, C++ from INTERNSHALA.
Great Learning Academy ‘s Certificate of Software Testing Tutorials .
Python programming from Infosys Springboard.
Campus Ambassador at InternShala.
member of meetUp Community, Bangalore.
 LinkedIn Skill Badge In Python Programming.
AWSOME DAY ONLINE CONFERENCEAWSOME DAY ONLINE CONFERENCE Amazon Web Services (AWS)

