ASHIKA RAJAKUMAR  Content Writer

raashikarajkumar@gmail.com

9790100642

Profile

Zealous  participant  and  creative  content  writer  with  a  devotion  for  crafting,  engaging,  and  informative  articles.
Strong research and writing skills, combined with a keen eye for detail, to deliver high- quality content. Eager to
contribute to a dynamic team and enhance my skills in content writing. In addition to, finest knowledge in result
oriented  marketing  with  an  extensive  background  of  writing  original  articles  and  producing  other  content  for
social media. Great promoter with outstanding skills and essential time management abilities.

Education

2014 – 2018
Nagercoil, India

2014
Puthoor, India

2012
Colachel, India

Skills

Ms office

Content marketing

Relationship building

Collaboration

Effective communication

Computer skills

Languages

Tamil

Projects

2024

2024

Bachelor of Engineering
St.Xavier's Catholic College of Engineering

Higher secondary school
Maria Rafols Matriculation School

High school Education
Joseph Matriculation school

Content writing

Ms word

Planning

Supervision and leadership

Public speaking

Critical thinking

English

The Metaverse
Metaverse is a virtually share the space, created by the convergence of virtually 
enhanced physical reality, Augmented reality and the internet. It's an expansive network 
of persistent real time rendered 3D worlds and simulations. It's a virtual universe, where 
uses get interact with each other in a real time through avatars. It is currently under the 
process of enlargement and the developers are excited to create a virtual world where 
people approach the world would live work shop learn and interrupt with each other all 
from the comfort of their physical world.

Art of finding Inner Peace
In this contemporary era, discovering harmony within ourselves is quite calling for. The 
fast-paced world has almost changed the way of deliberating. People are overwhelmed 
and perturbed in light of performing multiple activities concurrently. Time management 
is really irresistible for the escalating solicitude. The schedule that one fabricate should 
incorporate the room for tranquility.  Upholding peace within doesn't mean living in the 
stress free locale, nonetheless it imputes effectuating vigorous affiliations with the core 
regardless of predicaments.

Project link

http://raashikarajkumar.wpcomstaging.com

Accomplishments

Inter school elocution competition
Participated in the inter school elocution competition and presented the speech in the title'Deforestation'

School and church choir master
Led the school choir team and church choir team between 2009 and 2019

Interests

Reading personal development 
books

Creative writing

Playing keyboard and guitar

Organizations

2016 – 2017

2013 – 2014

St.Xaviers Catholic College of Engineering
Lead
Lead the debate club of my college between 2016 and 2017.This improved my listening 
skills and also the self confidence.

Maria Rafols higher secondary school
School Environment Club Lead
Due to the intense interest towards nature,I have taken keen interest in the school 
environmenal club and eventually became the lead of the club

IET
Member
Being the member of the IET,I got greater opportunities to learn new technologies with 
global communities of Engineers and Technology Specialist.

Declaration

I hereby inform that the above said information is true to my knowledge.

ASHIKA RAJAKUMAR
Nagercoil

