Resume 

Name: Astrit Sallova 
Address: Mother Teresa STR 2/7 
Fushe Kosove, Kosovo 
Personal email: sallovaastrit77@gmail.com 
Mobile Tel: +383 (45) 623 955 

Summary 

A productive team player, able to work to deadlines and targets, self-motivated, organized, and able to multitask. 
Experience of developing apprentices and disseminating knowledge and experience to others. Now looking for a new 
and logistics position, one which will make best use of my existing skills and experience and further my development. 

                                    Logistics Operations Food Service    
       Customer Service  

                                    Teamwork  
                                    Ability to multi-task.  

WORK EXPERIENCE 

January 2021-Present  

Infosoft -Kosovo / Sales Representative 

Responsible for selling products and services to customers and representing the brand.  
Generating leads and contacting potential customers and promoting products and services to 
drive sales.  
Engaging in cold calling, networking, and attending sales meetings to build relationships with 
clients.  
Communicating with customers to recommend products and services and persuading customers 
to buy them.  
Explaining the features and benefits of products to customers. 
Helping customers find offers that meet their preferences and providing services.  
Delivering presentations to persuade customers to buy new products.  
Resolving customer complaints and concerns. 
Handling customer returns, price changes and discounts.  
Maintaining and in -depth understanding of the company’s products and services to advise and 
making suitable recommendation to customers. 
Attending conferences to understand industry trends.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SKILLS AND ACTTIVITIES: 

EDUCATION & QUALIFICATIONS 

2019-2022 

Branch/ Technician of 

Informatic. Secondary School 

“Minatori” Fushe Kosova 

2023-Present  

Computer Science Faculty 

AAB 

Branch / Programmer.  

Language: 

1. English: fluent in both written and speaking 

SKILLS: 

  MS Word, Excel, Lotus Notes, Power Point, Database Systems, ISG, 

  Driving license “B” category (2022) 

  Familiarity with security policies, regulations, and procedures in classified environments. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
