Athul Satheesh

O f f i c e   A d m i n i s t r a t o r

Office Administrator with a keen eye for detail, excels at handling multiple tasks, and
strong organizational skills. thrives in dynamic teams, promoting open communication
and  a  positive  atmosphere.  Approachable,  problem-solving,  and  proactive  approach
ensure seamless workflow and productivity. Utilizes office software and collaboration
tools for enhanced communication and efficiency.

Experience
Office Administrator

July 2023 - Present

Freshersnews Evaluation l Bangalore (Remote)

Email  Management:  Efficiently  managed  incoming  and  outgoing  emails,  prioritized  and
categorized  messages,  and  promptly  respond  to  inquiries  while  ensuring  important
communications receive immediate attention. 

Data  Tracker  and  Reporting:  Proficiently  created  and  maintained  trackers  to  collate,
organize,  and  analyze  data  from  various  sources.  I  generate  detailed  reports  that  offer
valuable insights to aid decision-making processes. 

Client  Follow-Up:  Demonstrated  exceptional  interpersonal  skills  while  engaging  with
clients,  proactively  following  up  on  their  needs,  and  addressing  any  concerns  in  a
professional and courteous manner to foster strong client relationships. 

Social Media Chat Support: Skillfully handled social media chat platforms to engage with
customers,  address  queries,  provide  assistance,  and  maintain  a  positive  brand  image
through prompt and effective communication. 

Payment Tracking and Invoicing: Precisely tracked payment activities, managed invoicing
processes, and maintained accurate and up-to-date payment records for clients.

Operation Coordinator

Jan 2020 - Mar 2021

Nasser S Al Hajri Corporation WLL | Bahrain

Fuel  Monitoring  and  Reporting:  Managing  fuel  consumption  for  a  vast  fleet  of  over  500
equipment  and  250  vehicles  and  compiling  and  presenting  monthly  fuel  consumption
reports to the management team.

Financial Management: Ensuring accurate and timely processing of invoices and efficiently
managing petty cash to meet operational needs.

Vehicle  Tracking  and  Safety:  Implemented  GPS  tracking  systems  to  monitor  vehicle
locations and speeds by enhancing safety by monitoring and controlling vehicle speeds.

Travel  and  Driver  Management:  Supervised  6  drivers,  handled  driver  timesheets  and
organised travel arrangements for office staff.

Documentation: Managed vehicle documents, Spare keys and oversaw the renewal of RC,
insurance, and permits through the Traffic Department of Bahrain.

Operational  Coordination:  Coordinated  with  workshops,  drivers,  rental  suppliers,  and
various departments to ensure smooth operations.

Sales Coordinator

Nov 2015 - Feb 2019

New Benz Automobile | Kasargod

Customer  Assistance:  Welcoming  customers  warmly  and  assisting  them  in  locating  the
parts  they  need  and  addressing  customer  inquiries,  offering  insights  on  product  usage,
and delivering advice regarding maintenance and installation.

Inventory  Management  and  Documentation:  Maintain  efficient  inventory  management
by  accurately  stocking  and  labelling  parts  based  on  their  function  and  price  using
predetermined organizational methods.

Billing  and  Invoice:  Generating  invoices  and  bills,  sending  payment  reminders  and
collecting payments through cash or online.

Problem-Solving:  Step  in  to  resolve  customer  dissatisfaction  and  brainstorm  innovative
solutions,  especially  in  situations  like  backorders,  damaged  parts,  or  stock-outs  and
prioritize maintaining strong customer relationships to sustain business growth.

Contact

Phone
+91-7034985254

Email
athulsalappattu@gmail.com

Address
Alappattu, SN Puram PO, Pampady,

Kottayam, Kerala, India 686502

Education

2021
Bachelor of Commerce
Rabindranath Tagore University

2019
Fundamentals of Digital Marketing
Microsoft Office Specialist

2019
IC 38- Certificate Exam for
General and Life Insurance
Insurance Institute of India

2017
Office Word 2010
Microsoft Office Specialist

Expertise

MS Office Suite
Google Workspace
Email Management
Google Analytics, Search console
and Ads
Canva & Photoshop
Social Media Management
Data Entry

Language

English  -  Fluent

Hindi  - Proficient

Tamil  -  Intermediate

Malayalam  -  Native

