Atufa Yousuf Patel 
8788578889 
atufa6101@gamil.com 
Degloor Naka, Nanded - 431604 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/atufa-patel-545a9122a  

Professional Summary  
To  get  an  opportunity  where  I  can  make  the  best  of  my  potential  and  contribute  to 
organizations growth.  

   I hold a B Tech degree from   MGM’S College of Engineering, Nanded.   

Educational Background  

  2022 

      B Tech (E&TC)  

  2018 

  2016 

MGM’S College of  
Engineering, Nanded  
89.5 

HSC  
Shivaji Mahavidyalya, Udgir 
Maharashtra State Board  
77.38 

SSC  
Al-ameen Urdu high school, Udgir  
Maharashtra State Board  
92.60  

Certification(s) Completed / Ongoing under FirstBit Solutions  

Full Stack Diploma in Python  

completed in July 2021 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
Technical Skills  
Core Technologies  
Web Technologies  

Core Python  
HTML, CSS, Java Script, Bootstrap   

Database  

Frameworks  

GUI  

MySQL  

Django  

tkinter  

Data Analysis  

NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib  

Tools  

Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, Jupyter  

Academic Projects  

1. FirstBit Solutions Project  

Project Title          

Technologies used 

Description 

 ONLINE CAKE SHOP     
 DJANGO FRAMEWORK, HTML, CSS, BOOTSTRAP,JAVASCRIPT  
 online cake shop is designed for managing and storing the 

all data of available cakes in cake shop.it involves login of user 

and search for cakes according to their choices. Websites helps 

in  ordering  cakes  where  user  can  order  for  different  category 

cakes. The main purpose for developing this project is to sell cake 

online.  

2. Final Year Project  
Project Title  

E-Commerce website using Django framework  

Technologies Used   DJANGO FRAMEWORK, HTML, CSS, BOOTSTRAP, JAVASCRIPT, MySQL 

Description 

This project deals with developing a Virtual website ‘E-commerce Website’. 

It provides the user with a list of the various products available for purchase 

in  the  store.  For  the  convenience  of  online  shopping,  a  shopping  cart  is 

provided to the user. After the selection of the goods, it is sent for the order 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
    
 
 
confirmation  process.  The  system  is  implemented  using  Python’s  web 

framework Django. 

It will display products; customers can select catalogues and  

select  products,  and  can  remove  products  from  their  cart  specifying  the 

quantity of each item. Selected items will be collected in a cart. At checkout, 

the item on the card will be presented as an order. Customers can pay for 

the items in the cart to complete an order.  

Awards / Achievements / Extra Curricular Activities  

1.  Training program on industrial electronics and electrical control system by 

prolific system and technologies PVT.LTD.  

2.  Participated in international webinar on ‘INTERNET OF VEHICLES on 28th June 

2020 organized by department of electronics and telecommunication 
engineering, MGM’s college of engineering Nanded.  

3.  Attended workshop on “student solar ambassadors” on a mega-global event, 
where students learn to assemble their solar study lamp which could be first 
step towards renewable energy revolution and mitigating climate change 
organized by MGM’s college of engineering Nanded. 

4.  Attended Workshop on "Arduino UNO” organized by department of 
electronics and telecommunication engineering, MGM’s college of 
engineering Nanded 

Personal Information  
Gender  
Date of Birth  

Female  
6th January, 2001  

Hobbies  

photography  

Languages Known  

English, Hindi, Urdu  

 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
