B. RAMESH

   ramr42765@gmail.com

EMAIL MARKETING EXECUTIVE        

 https://bit.ly/3SaMbOR

 9344436757

Career Objective

A   motivated   digital   marketing   specialist   having   excellent   email   marketing
development,   email   deliverability,   and   strategy   seeking   a   senior   position   in   an
ambitious company with no fear of future trends and technology

Professional Summary

● Strong understanding of effective digital marketing principles.
● Have a solid understanding of Email Deliverability Management, IP & Domain
Reputation,   Whitelist,   and   blacklist,   Email   Authentication   Setup,   Email   Best
Practices, ISP Feedback loop and Postmaster tool, A/B testing, Opt-In strategy
● Monitored   and   managed   IP   and   domain   reputation   to   ensure   100%   email

deliverability.

● Good knowledge and experience in Marketing automation, Campaign execution,
IP warming, PowerMTA, Mail chimp, Sendin Blue, and Benchmark Emailing.
● Strong   knowledge   of   Spam   Rules   &   Spam   Traps,   CAN-SPAM,   CCPA,   GDPR

associated characteristics.

● Good Experience in email authentication methods (SPF, DKIM, DMARC).
● Hands-on experience with HTML and CSS content management systems.
● Ability to use databases for productive lead generation
● Well Experience in Cheetah Digital Automation tool and Domestic campaigns.
● Overall   I   have   experience   in   email   automation   tools   like   Mailchimp,   Active

Campaign, Cheetah Digital, and Bee Free – Designing Tool.

Academic Profile

B.Sc (CS) - 2017 - 2020 Nandha Arts and Science College, Erode, Tamil

HSLC   -   2015   to   2017   Government   Higher   Secondary   School.

★
Nadu.- 75%
★
Lakkapuram.- 87%
★

SSLC - 2013 to 2015 Government High School. Kaspapettai. - 93%

Work Experience

EMAIL MARKETING EXECUTIVE

             
 
 
                 
        
ADCANOPUS DIGITAL (April 2023 - at Present)

● In Adcanopus we provide good leads for domestic campaigns
● Have a Good Experience in Cheetah Digital Automation Tool and Domestic cam-

paigns, Email Content with best practices.

● Create Email Marketing Creatives, Campaigns, CTA Buttons, Subject Lines, 

and Sender Names campaign-wise.

● Analyzing and optimizing our segment Campaign wise and Creating new 

segments for every campaign to generate revenue.
● Conducting A/B Testing to Find the performing Assets

● Well   experience   in   campaign   analyzing   and   monitoring   like,   A/b   testing,
Open ratio, Click ratio, conversion rates, Email Best Practices, and Domain
inboxing to use Warming Methods

EMAIL MARKETING SPECIALIST 

WEBBERAX ( October 2020 – April 2023 )

● Create email marketing campaigns to promote products or services.
● Using   an   IP   warming   method   to  warm   UP   IP,   then   using   that   IP   to   an   email

production.
Expertise in Email Deliverability. Product Analyst with excellent skills in email

Monitoring the deliverability KPI metrics, IP blacklist, spam trap, DNS issue, and

Analyzes email delivery from Email Service Providers (i.e.: Yahoo, AOL,

Initiated   A/B   testing   on   subject   lines,   calls-to-action,   and   headlines   that

●
strategy, planning, designing, developing email campaigns, and email automation.
●
bounce logs.
●
Hotmail, Cables, Gmail.) to identify and troubleshoot inbox delivery issues.
●
increase open rates and customer engagement.
●
deliverability, open rates, CTR, and conversion.
Daily   monitoring,   analysis,   and   optimization   to   determine   changes   within
●
campaigns   and   strategic   arrangements   to   generate   maximum   revenue   for   the
organization.
●
performance utilizing return-path.

Analyze   email   campaign   results   including   the   audience,   offers,   creativity,

Strategized   and   implemented   efforts   to   increase   email   deliverability

● Removing non-deliverable email addresses and opt-outs.

Technical Skills

Email   deliverability,   Domain   /   IP   Warm-up,   Email   best   practices,   Campaign
performance,   DNS   management,   Spam   pattern   detection,   ISP   postmaster,   Email
authentication,   blacklists,   whitelisting,   Research   and   Analytics,   Inbound/Outbound
marketing, MS Excel, Lead Generation, Google Analytics, Affiliate marketing.

Personal Details

Father Name              : R.BalaKrishnan

Mother Name              : B.Lakshmi

DOB                            : 07-11-1999

Languages Known      : Tamil, English  

Declaration

I, hereby declare that the information contained herein is true and correct to the
best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Chennai

Date: 

Yours Truly,

 B. Ramesh

