Banibrata Chakraborty

As a writer, I have worked for numerous news blogs. My dedication to factual reporting and
passion for uncovering stories has earned me a reputation for delivering high-quality news. By
conducting research, interviewing, writing, and editing, I've been able to inform and engage
audiences with compelling stories. With a commitment to excellence and a deep understanding of

the media landscape, I remain a trusted voice in the field of journalism.

Experience

JAN 2022 - March 2022
MAYUKHARDO l BEHALA , KOLKATA

Journalism Intern

My  tenure  as  a  journalist  was  marked  by  a  number  of  key  responsibilities.  These
included  staying  up-to-date  on  the  latest  news  and  events,  conducting  in-depth
research,  crafting  compelling  statements  and  presenting  verified  facts  to  our
audience. 
Additionally,  I  proofread  content  to  ensure  accuracy  and  journalistic  integrity.  In  my

role,  I  attended  a  wide  range  of  events,  further  expanding  my  knowledge  and

experience in the field. 

I  am  proud  to  note  that  my  dedicated  work  and  dedication  resulted  in  an  excellent

credential  score  of  20/20.  This  score  reflects  my  commitment  to  excellence  and

ability to meet and exceed expectations.

MAY 2022 - JUNE 2022
TECHCODEY l Uttar Pradesh 

Content Writer

As  a  versatile  content  writer,  I  wrote  articles  and  blogs  across  many  genres.  Content

that engages and informs is created with extensive research skills. 

As  part  of  my  duties,  I  also  ensured  that  articles  were  found  on  search  engines  by

publishing them through WordPress. 

As  part  of  my  proofreading  services,  I  corrected  all  grammatical,  punctuation,  and

spelling errors. 

I  received  a  Letter  of  Recommendation  (LOR)  for  my  exceptional  performance.  As  a

content writer, I am proud to receive this recognition that demonstrates my ability to

meet and exceed expectations.

MAY 2022 - AUGUST 2022
IDS (Information Data Systems) l Remote

Video Editor

Worked as the main video editor for 3 months.
Helped to strategies the reels and the videos .

 Provided High Quality Content.

MAY 2022 - AUGUST 2022
ASIANA TIMES l MUMBAI (REMOTE)

Trainee Journalist

Research  and  write  news  articles,  blogs,  and  other  content  that  engages  and  informs

audiences across various genres on a daily basis. 

Tweeting  hot  topics  and  delivering  content  for  social  media,  using  my  knowledge  of
digital media platforms to engage our audience. 

My  duties  were  to  format  and  optimize  articles  for  search  engines  in  the  publishing

department. 

Maintaining  high  standards  of  quality  was  my  responsibility  along  with  the  editorial

team.  My  contributions  enhanced  the  reputation  and  reach  of  the  organization,

demonstrating  my  ability  to  work  collaboratively  with  colleagues  and  deliver
high(cid:0)quality content consistently.

Contact

Phone
91+ 8910538525

Email
banibratachakraborty.2001@gmail.com

DOB
23.05.2001

Address
Ichapur , Kantaddhar - 743144

Education

2024

MA Journalism
Adamas University

2022
BS.c in Media Science
NSHM Knowledge Campus

2019

CLASS XII
Kendriya Vidyalaya No. 1 Ichapur

2017
CLASS X 
Kendriya Vidyalaya No. 1 Ichapur

Expertise

Writing and editing skills

Research skills

Communication skills

Multimedia skills

Time management

Critical thinking

Language

Hindi      ( Professional )

English

( Professional )

Bengali 

( Intermediate )

AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS

APRIL 2023 - MAY 2023

STMN NEWS l (REMOTE)

Jun 2022

LOR | Content Writing

For getting featured in LinkedIn for 3 times

from the company's official l account , for

providing best quality content.

Jan 2020

XAVCOM | Debate Competition 

I have competed with various colleges

during this competition and I have the

participation certificate.

Technical Skills

Photoshop

Adobe InDesign

Adobe Premiere Pro

CMS Software

Word Press

DaVinci Resolve

Adobe Illustarator

VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE

ICMC - Role: Student Coordinator 

Cause: Education

I served as the student coordinator

for the event, where my primary

responsibility was overseeing and

managing the various sessions. In

this role, I played a crucial part in

ensuring the smooth execution of

the event by meticulously organizing

and maintaining all the sessions. This

involved coordinating with speakers,

participants, and other team

Freelance Journalist
• My tenure as a journalist was marked by a number of key responsibilities. 
•  These  included  staying  up-to-date  on  the  latest  news  and  events,  conducting  in-depth
research, crafting compelling statements and presenting verified facts to our audience. 
• Additionally, I proofread content to ensure accuracy and journalistic integrity. 
• In my role, I attended a wide range of events, further expanding my knowledge.

APRIL 2023 - MAY 2023

EXPOSING NOW

TRAINEE JOURNALIST

•  As  a  versatile  content  writer,  I  wrote  articles  and  blogs  across  many  genres.  Content
that engages and informs is created with extensive research skills. 
•  As  part  of  my  duties,  I  also  ensured  that  articles  were  found  on  search  engines  by
publishing them through WordPress. 
•  As  part  of  my  proofreading  services,  I  corrected  all  grammatical,  punctuation,  and
spelling errors. 
•  I  received  a  Letter  of  Recommendation  (LOR)  for  my  exceptional  performance.  As  a
content writer, 
• I am proud to receive this recognition that demonstrates my ability to meet and exceed
expectations. 

MAY 2023 - JUNE 2023

TEACHIEF ACADEMY 

ASSOCIATE CONTENT WRITER

• I was responsible for the research oriented works there . 

• Helped in the R and D development process . 

• Got the knowledge of File formatting in Harvard and APA style . 

• Did Citation works also

POSITION OF RESPONSIBILITY

Jul 2022 - Aug 2022
Social Media Team Leader - Asiana Times

I was responsible for managing the social media teams. In order to ensure that the

interns are not making any mistakes and to guide them in the creation of quality

content.

Oct 2020 - Aug 2021
Finance Head - Youth India Foundation

I was responsible for the all the transactions that was taken place in my tenure ,

Including Funds Collections to razing funds , This was also the part of my tenure .

During this tenure , I also have hosted 2 events.

CONFERENCES AND WORKSHOPS

Organized by: Google | Date: Mar 2023

members, as well as handling any

During the workshop, participants learned about data journalism,

unforeseen challenges that arose

the processes and the results. They were also introduced to the

during the event

new software tools that journalists are using.

