Contact details

bhoomikajodhani4@gmail.com 
7470907359
Bhopal

Skills

Communication

Teamwork

Research

Decision making

Operations

Microsoft office

Story boarding

Analyst

Empathy

Negotiation

Stakeholder management

Achievements

• Successfully secured the 
publication of an evocative poem 
on a global multilingual platform, 
StoryMirror.

• Initiated and led successful 
fundraising campaign for the 
visually impaired, raising a 
substantial sum to support the 
school of blind.

Bhoomika Jodhani

Education

Bachelor of Technology
Oriental College of Technology
August 2019 – May 2023 | Bhopal

Professional Experience

Information Technology Instructor
Bhopal Smart City Development Corporation Limited (BSCDCL)
September 2020 – January 2021 | Bhopal

• Supported in designing and delivering technical training modules to employees of 
ICCC & ITMS department meeting specific needs and objectives , while staying 
updated with the latest industry trends and technologies.
• Assisted in developement of engaging instructional materials, such as 
presentations, hands-on exercises, and reference guides, to enhance learning 
outcomes.

Content Development
Eklavya
September 2021 – April 2022 | Bhopal

• Contributed significantly to an education-based company as a Content Developer, 
creating informative educational materials [online courses, assessments, etc.] , 
while also keeping up-to-date with educational trends to ensure accuracy.
• Collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop and implement the requisite 
content as per the requirements of the customer.
• Translated complex concepts into accessible content, [for example - by converting 
them into interactive activities, etc.]

Environmental Outreach Coordinator
BHUMI
May 2021 – June 2021 | Bhopal

• Actively engaged in a grassroots campaign organized by an independent non-
profit organization- "BHUMI" aimed at raising awareness about eco-friendly 
practices and sustainable
living.
• Collaborated with a diverse team of volunteers to plan and execute various events 
including tree planting drives, workshops which impacted upon a lot of children, 
educating children (of Anna Nagar slums) and empowering them to
adopt eco-friendly habits.

Campus Ambassador
Verzeo EduTech
March 2021 – May 2021 | Bhopal

• Promoted and represented Verzeo's educational programs and workshops within 
my campus community.
• Successfully increased participation in Verzeo's campus events by 30% during my 
tenure.

Biodiversity Support Volunteer
EarthDay.org
September 2022 – October 2022 | Bhopal

• Participated in the Green Revolution program organized by EarthDay.org, a 
transformative initiative focused on promoting environmental 
awareness,sustainability, and community engagement.
• Contributed to activities,such astree planting drives, waste reduction campaigns 
and renewable energy awareness programs, directly impacting local communities 
and fostering positive change.

