Bijaya Chettri 
7980536982 | biayachettíi@gmail.com 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
Dynamic and accomplished professional with a proven academic and extracurricular excellence track 
record. Demonstrated commitment to personal and professional growth through active participation in 
diverse endeavours. 

EDUCATION 
Manipal Academy of Higher Education- Bachelor of Arts- GPA:8.43 
Our Lady Queen of the Missions School- Indian School Certificate (12th)- Grade: 92% 
Welland Gouldsmith School- Indian School Certificate (10th)- Grade: 90% 

WORK EXPERIENCE 
Triplou 
Copywriting Associate 
●  Assisted the marketing team in creating a compelling and engaging copy of blog posts. 
●  Conducted thorough research on travel destinations, industry trends, and target audience preferences 

Remote 
January 2023-Present 

to develop accurate and persuasive content. 

Kolkata 
Self-employed 
Private Tutor                                                                                                       January 2020-March 2022 
●  Developed and implemented tailored lesson plans to enhance their learning experience and address 

individual learning styles. 

●  Assisted with homework assignments, conducted practice exercises, and administered periodic assessments 

to track progress. 

LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE 
Youth Speak Forum- Core Committee Vice President Marketing 
●  Designed 50+ physical and digital communication plans for Youth Speak alongside the team. 
●  Ensured consistent and unison marketing messages across all promotional materials. 

World Café- Core Committee Vice President Marketing 
●  Designed and executed marketing & communication plan for 100+ delegates. 
●  Collaborated with marketing portfolio to design physical and digital attractions to increase traffic by 20% 

AIESEC in Romania- Entity Support Team- Graphic Designer 
●  Developed marketing campaigns for the social media pages on Instagram and LinkedIn for more than 4000 

followers. 

●  Conducted research and analyzed data to identify and define audiences. 

Project Rakt- Social Media Manager 
●  Developed and implemented a comprehensive social media strategy for Rakt, resulting in a 30% increase 

in brand awareness and a 50% growth in social media followership. 

●  Created and curated engaging content across various social media platforms, resulting in a 20% increase in 

user engagement and a 15% boost in post reach. 

SKILLS 

  Social Media Strategy Development  
                      Content Creation and Curation  
  Campaign Planning and Execution  

Branding and Consistency 
Trend Awareness and Adaptability 
Microsoft Office 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
