B i n u

A n t o n y

S E O   S P E C I A L I S T

Career Summary
SEO professional with 4+ years of experience driving significant growth for online
businesses through search engine optimization strategies and exceeded monthly
targeted traffic and keyword ranking objectives and goals.

Work Experience

Careervira Private Limited

Domains Handled:https://www.careervira.com/

SEO Analyst and Outreach, 03/2022- 04/2024

Achieved 3x traffic in 3 months by implementing topical authority.

Run outreach campaigns to collaborate with link builders and gain quality backlinks

through ABC exchanges, HARO and B2B portal boosting traffic by 110% in 3 months.

PR outreach for link building from top publications and magazines.

 Identified winning and losing points through competitor analysis.

Helping with web design and site architecture for better crawling and indexing.

Brought around 0.1 Million Traffic through Google Discover using Web Stories in 8

months.

Implemented Tech changes for Geo targeting across 8 geographies for better

conversion.

 Audited content outline to meet seo metrics and increase visibility on google serps.

Built 100+ citations in relevant and general websites to boost local rankings

Implemented Tech changes for Geo targeting across 8 geographies for better

conversion.

Audited content outline to meet seo metrics and increase visibility on google serps.

 Built 100+ citations in relevant and general websites to boost local rankings

Flamon Cloudtech Private Limited
Domains handled: https://www.consolto.com/, https://telecrm.in/,
https://www.cliently.com/                            
Link Building and On page Seo Specialist, 03/2021 - 02/2022

Did keyword research for existing pages, blog and optimized them to rank better.
Increased traffic by 2x by optimizing non-performing pages in 2 months.
Finding out the top of the funnel keywords for improving the brand and getting
leads.
Successfully achieved 85% growth in organic traffic in 4 months through link
exchanges.
Created and managed monthly social media calendar and guest postings.

BaseApp Systems

Domains handled: https://www.wpoven.com/

SEO Executive, 09/2019 - 02/021

Did keyword research to optimize existing pages.

Connected with Link builders through outreach, Linked In, and slack channels

to get high-quality backlinks through exchanges, collaboration or partnerships.

Successful in achieving significant organic growth and brought leads for one of

our clients

 Created and managed monthly social media calendar and postings

 Implemented backlink strategy, including guest posts and business listings.

Contact

Trivandrum, kerala

binu.geena@gmail.com

https://www.linkedin.co
m/in/binu-antony-
2802356a/

9400979222

Skills

Keyword Reseach
On- Page SEO
Topical Authority
Google Discover
Speed Optimization
Outreach and Link
Building
PR outreach
Technical Seo
Programmatic Seo
Seo automation and
Content Scaling
GSC and Google
Analytics
HTML, CSS, Javascript

HOBBIES

Roles and Responsibilities

Playing Badminton
Gardening 
Reading Trendy Articles

LANGUAGES
KNOWN

English
Hindi
Malayalam
Telugu

Education
B.Tech

Jawaharlal Nehru
University, Hyderabad,
India.

 2009-2013

Carrying out keyword research using software such as ahref, semrush to optimize web

content to improve its rankings for targeted search terms.

Tracking metrics such as organic traffic, conversion rates and time spent on page using

platforms such as Google Analytics.

Monitoring and reporting on search trends and SEO performance 

Analysing websites and social media pages to make recommendations for improvement.

 Performing competitor analysis to identify content gaps and areas for improvement in

website design.

Staying up to date with new SEO, social media and digital marketing industry trends,

tools and practices, which are constantly changing.

Using Excel spreadsheets to compile reports and collaborate with content writers.

Implementing link-building strategies.

Making suggestions for SEO-friendly content creation.

Providing keyword insights and SEO advice content writers within the organisation,

Optimising webpages for mobile devices.

Achievements

Elevated to Tech Seo Team with an appraisal of 60%.

Appointed as project lead for implementing bulk clusters using topical authority.

Appointed webstories head for bringing 160% more conversions in less than 3

months.

REFERENCES

Devrish Ghosh, Engineering Lead, Seo Automation, careervira.com

LinkedIn Profile: https://in.linkedin.com/in/devrishi-g-346914292

Snehil Prakash, Founder and Digital Marketing Head: Techlithic Solutions, past BaseApp

Systems.

LinkedIn Profile:https://www.linkedin.com/in/snehil-prakash-590066162

