BRATATI SAHA
West Bengal, India ∙ 9475302371∙ bratatisaha.rnj@gmail.com ∙ https://www.linkedin.com/in/bratati-saha-032365187/

EXPERIENCE
2022-Present VEDANTU INNOVATION PVT LTD.

Bangalore

Senior Student Care Specialist
● Investigated and researched issues to determine root causes and appropriate resolution methods. Worked in

business development, operations, and customer support with satisfaction.

● Delivered a 20% increase in customer satisfaction scores by optimizing response processes, maintaining a 99%

adherence to quality standards, and ensuring a 24-hour turnaround time consistently.

● Achieved a 95% overall customer satisfaction rate while maintaining a 24-hour turnaround time and meeting

99% of quality metrics in a high-volume support environment.

● Handled a team of 5 people. Provided all the support, and training to the new joiners.
● Working closely with the cross-functional team to take on new updates and changes. Coordinated with a diverse
team of engineers, Ops, and product managers to introduce monthly feature updates, enhancing user satisfaction
scores by 15% and reducing churn rate by 10%

● Gave accurate and appropriate information to answer questions, troubleshoot issues, and resolve complaints.
● Directed unresolved customer grievances to specialized departments for further investigation, generating 50+
qualified leads monthly and resolving academic doubts, leading to a 25% increase in customer satisfaction.

● Maintaining daily updates to ensure transparent communication and alignment within the team.

2021-2022 CATOSOFT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD (VIRTUAL)

Virtual

Operation Intern (Oct- Jan)
● Understand the workflow of the company and explain it to the clients. Scheduling meetings for the clients, and

making them understand the joining process.

● Data entry - Update data in Excel sheets and manage records daily.
● Perform other tasks assigned and give updates daily to the team leads.
● Cold calling, and email support.

2021 (Aug) HENRY HARVIN EDUCATION PVT LTD. (VIRTUAL)

Quality Analyst Intern

● Conducted on-call audits to evaluate performance and adherence to quality standards (remote).
● Created content/format for customer replies.
● Conducted briefings for all operational staff working in the Process.
● Preparation of call monitoring data & related internal reports.
● Ensure adherence to Quality SLAs

EDUCATION
2018-2020

JADAVPUR UNIVERSITY
Master of Arts; in Linguistics
● Marks: 8.5 CGPA

2015-2018

BANARAS HINDU UNIVERSITY
Bachelor of Arts, Hons in English Literature
● Marks: 7.1 CGPA

OTHER

Kolkata, India

Varanasi, India

● Languages: Bengali (native), English (professional), Hindi (Fluent)
● Technical Skills: MS Office, Excel, Technical Proficiency (MS Excel, Salesforce, Freshdesk CRM, HTML),
● Soft Skills: Quality Assurance, Communication, Attention to Detail, Strong interpersonal skills, Proactive and

self-motivated, Team Collaboration.

● Certifications: Certification in SQL (2024), Management Trainee Certificate Course (Aug 2020) [Covered

Industry Oriented Practical Module], Translation studies Certification, (2019-2020)

● Community Volunteering: Active participant in volunteer work, NGO involvement, and social impact initiatives,

demonstrating a commitment to public service and outreach

