                                              Dillip Kumar Pattanaik 

                                   RMV Extension, Sanjay Nagar, Bengaluru, Karnataka-560094 
                            Email: - dilip.pattanaik@outlook.com| Mob: - +91-7606964616 

Objective 

  To Excel in my Profession and Contribution towards the growth of the Organization in 

which  I  will  be  serving  through  high  morality  and  indispensable  honesty.  The 

Contribution of my skills would be helpful in Challenging Modern Era. 

Work Experience                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Pairee Infotech, Bengaluru                                          04-Oct-2021 to Present         

  Working for Oracle Inc, as a Campaign Specialist 
  Responsible for doing End to end Tech QA for Email Campaigns and campaign Build. 
  Verifying Email Content, Design and Function, Personalization, accessibility, Contact 

list, AMP email, Deliverability.  

  Manage end-to-end campaign execution, including audience segmentation, content 

creation, scheduling, and tracking campaign performance. 

  Oversees day-to-day marketing activities including scheduling and managing 

campaign calendars to successfully launch campaigns using Oracle 
Responsys/Eloqua.  

  Build and verifying filter, segments, PET, supplemental table, Segmentation and 

complete Dashboard check.  

  Proofread emails for clarity, grammar, and spelling check.   
  Performing compatibility testing in different mobile devices (iPhone, android) and 

iPad, Desktop (IE, Firefox, Chrome, AOL). And ensure mobile friendly email templates.  

  Compile, track, and analyse email campaign metrics. 
  Assure marketing campaign deployment and doing Peer Review. 
  Knowledge in Oracle CX Unity a Customer Data Platform(CDP) tool which combine 

customer data from different sources.  

Mediassist, Hyderabad                                                   09-Dec-2019 to 03-Fab-2021 

  Collect, verify, and analysed customer information, such as identification documents, 
financial statements, and transactional records. Review the KYC process, regulations, 
and conduct compliance reviews. 

  Enrolled new customer into health benefit and verify all information in system. 
  Coordinated  with  internal  partners  to  obtain  required  information  and  applicable 

 

documentation related to client on-boarding and KYC production. 
Initiated  and  completed  high-quality  KYC  files  inclusive  of  data  input,  research  and 
analysis.  

 
  Maintained details tracking of KYC file status and other customer record activities to 

ensure completion within required timeframe.   

  Ensuring implementation of KYC checks are as per the governing rules and regulations. 
  Perform accurate and consistent QA checks on KYC files across multiple business areas 

and client types. 

Concentrix, Gurugram                                                        09-Apr-2015 to 20-Jan-2017 

  Worked as Associate for Microsoft's Content Measurement and SEO Projects for USA 

and UK. 

  Demonstrated working experience on Microsoft's Universal Human Relevance System 
  Organization and integration of data collected from various sources. 
  Search Relevance: Identify query results, relevant events, and classify entities resulting 

in fast and accurate search results. 

  Demonstrated working experience on Datamime, an in-house workflow tool for 

data projects which enables to perform and manage human annotation. 

  Giving judgement in Human Relevance System Hitapp. 

Steria India, Noida                                                              19-Dec-2011 to 30-Sep-2014 

  Worked as a Process Associate for Lloyds Banking Group plc and RBS, UK. 
  Responsible for proper documentation and AML (Anti Money Laundering) check for 

individual and corporate banker. 

  Verifying  bank  customer  details  when  customer  invest  and  withdraw  money  from 

bank. 

  Responsible for investing and analysing account transaction data activity to establish 
customer’s  behaviour  for  potentials  money  laundering  schemes  and  high  risk 
transaction.  

  Performed  AML  function  including  detection/reporting  of  suspicious  transition  and 
activities,  and  required  collaborated  with  senior  compliance  team  and  other 
departments assess the clients AML risk rating.  
 Raise SAR (Suspicious Activity Report) collaborated with senior compliance team 
when found any suspicious activity.  

 

Educational Qualification 

  BCA(Regular) from Berhampur University(Odisha) in 2011 

Technical Skill 

  HTML                   SQL        
  Manual Testing   Agile Methodology  

Certifications 

  Oracle Responsys Marketing Platform Implementation 2021 

  OCI Foundation Associate (Oracle Cloud Infrastructure) 2023  

  Google Analytic for Beginners 2023  

 
 
 
  Project Certificate(Coursera) for Build an Email Marketing Campaign Using 

Mailchimp. 

 Technology and Tools 

         Oracle Responsys      Litmus  

         Wrike                         Jira   

         Oracle CX Unity         Mailchimp 
         Bing Ads                 UHRS 

        Bing Maps               Search Engine Optimization (SEO) 

Achievements 

Steria India 

  Started the pilot batch of AML team and successfully went in BAU period within 2 

months. 

  Received 3 R&R (rewards and recognition) awards for lowest number of defects. 

  Was a part of Star team award for the second half of 2013. 

Strengths 

  Quick Learner 

  Good interpersonal and analytical skill 

  Positive Attitude, Task Oriented 

  Devoted and Dedicated to Hard Working. 

  Ability to review, assess, and provide detailed information daily as an independent 

thinker. 

I hereby declare that the above information given by me is to the best of my knowledge and 
belief. 

Date………….                                  

       Dillip Kumar Pattanaik 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
