DILSHAD 

PROFILE 

Q U R E S H I

Skilled  content  writer  experienced  in  creating  compelling  articles  and  blogs
that  increased  traffic  on  company's  website.  Professional  data  entry  clerk
who  excels  at  prioritizing  multiple  tasks  and  inputting  data  into  databases.
Junior  research  fellow  with  three  years'  worth  of  experience  in  writing  and
publishing high quality research articles in peer-reviewed journals. 

CONTACT

WORK EXPERIENCE

+91-891-7444-720

Dshadq@gmail.com

Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh

Junior Content Writer

TheCoinRepublic, Bhopal, M.P. 

May 2023 - July  2023

Published web articles and blog content about finance, Web3, and
cryptocurrency-related topics that elevated visits of readers on the
website. 
Created plagiarism-free and AI-free article content while adhering to the
guidelines of the company.

EDUCATION

Data Entry Clerk

Jan 2022 - Jan  2023

Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.)

Madhav Institute of Technology
and Science 

2013 - 2017

PoojaEnterprises7 Pvt. Ltd., Bhopal, M.P. 

Entered data of client orders into MS-Excel sheets with speed and
accuracy. 
Verified contact information in data files prior to entry to maintain
transparency. 
Scanned and saved documents in the database to manage records of
essential organisational information.

Higher Secondary (10 + 2)

Junior Research Fellow

Aug 2017 - June  2020

Padma Raje Govt. Higher Secondary  
School 

2012 - 2013

Metriculation (10th)

St. George High School 

2010 - 2011

SKILLS

Content Writing 

Data Entry 

National Institute of Technology, Rourkela, Odisha

Conducted research on the formulation and usage of plant-based fat
alternatives of cocoa butter in confection-based food products.
Handled the responsibility of ordering and replenishing stocks of
reagents and log entry. 
Leveraged interpersonal and communication skills to assist peers,
graduate, and undergraduate colleagues on certain aspects of technical
and laboratory skills. 
Worked both independently and in collaboration with peers and other
field professionals to accomplish quality research. 
Conducted in-depth search, review, and analysis of new as well as
historical literature to understand overall advancements in research
findings and techniques. 
Proficiently wrote and co-authored more than 10 original scientific
manuscripts for publication in peer-reviewed journals.  
Performed tasks such as preparing materials for technical reports,
posters, and seminar presentations. 

Scientific/Technical Writing 

WORK SAMPLES 

Computer Literacy

Problem-Solving 

Strong Communication

Research and Development 

Dilshad Qureshi, Haladhar Behera, Arfat Anis, Doman Kim, Kunal Pal, Effect
of polyglycerol polyricinoleate on the polymorphic transitions and
physicochemical properties of mango butter, Food Chemistry, Volume 323,
2020.
Dilshad Qureshi, Amit Kumar Nayak, Doman Kim, Samarendra Maji, Arfat
Anis, Biswaranjan Mohanty, Kunal Pal, Polysaccharide-based polymeric
gels as drug delivery vehicles, Advances and  Challenges in
Pharmaceutical Technology, Academic Press, 2021, Pages 283-325.

