CURRICULUM VITAE

Dr. Mahendra S. Srivastava
K-201, Silverline Apartments,
Opposite BBD University,
Ayodhya Road, Lucknow
Cell: +919335697819
Email: mahensrivastava@gmail.com

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

● Accomplished career demonstrating consistent success as an Administrator and
the post graduation levels. Outstanding track record in assuring

Educator at
student success.

● Seasoned in conceiving and building programs from the ground up through
proven competencies in grant writing and administration, project and program
management, and staff development and empowerment.

● Effective communicator with excellent planning, organizational, and negotiation
strengths as well as the ability to lead, reach consensus, establish goals, and attain
results.

EDUCATION

● Pursuing Post Doctoral Fellowship (Part-time) in Management from Christ

University, Bangalore 2023 onwards

● PhD. (Human Resource – Industrial Relation: “Why Public Sector Units are
Sick” study on IDPL), HNB Garhwal Central University, Srinagar, Uttarakhand,
(2009 Enrolled – 2014 Awarded).

● Executive MBA, Vinayaka Mission University, Salem, 2012.

● MBA (Human Resource as Major and Finance as Minor), HNB Garhwal

University, Srinagar, Uttaranchal, 2004

● PGDBM (Human Resource as Major and Finance as Minor), Symbiosis

Centre of Distance Learning, Pune, 2000

● MCPS (Microsoft Certified Professionals) in Windows NT Administration,

Aptech Computer Education, New Delhi 1996

● Masters Diploma in Software Engineering, Aptech Computer Education

(Approved by Govt. Of India), New Delhi 1996

● B.Sc. in Chemistry, HNB Garhwal University, Srinagar, Uttarakhand, 1994

PROFESSIONAL ACCOLADES

● Advisor from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs USA for Agro Economic Zone

in the United States of America.

● Honorary Consultant for Labour Codes with NITI Aayog to provide guidance

to formulate the HR Policies to MSME.

● Advisor for Government and Business Alliances for Agro Economic Zone a

project of Government of India.

● International Mentor associated with Intercell World for Students, Research

Scholars, Professionals etc.

● Guest Speaker for HR Sessions with Directorate General for Resettlement

(For Defence Personnels).

● Guest Speaker on Human Resource with VV Giri National Labour Institute,

Noida.

● Associated as a paper setter with AKTU, BBD University, Integral

University, Sharda University and Teerthanker Mahaveer University.

● Guest Speaker on Webinars organized by IGICM, ICCMRT, ICA Lucknow

● Guest Speaker with VIVO Mobiles for HR training.

● Motivational Speaker Integral University, IGICM, ICCMRT Lucknow

● Certified Career Counselor from University of Texas, USA

● Certified Research Analyst from University of Texas, USA

● Research Scholar Testing Proctor – with University of Texas, Austin (US)

ACADEMIC & PROFESSIONAL HONORS AND AWARDS

● Received Award for Consultancy in Global Projects at Uttar Pradesh

Education Leadership Awards on 7th November 2023.

● Achieve 50% target of the year in just three months in NIIT Ltd., New Delhi,

2000

● Excellence Award winner at NIIT Ltd., New Delhi, 2000

● IX North Zone Position in Aptech, 1995

● III Position in Math Competition at District Level, Dehradun, 1987

ACADEMIC & INDUSTRIAL EXPERIENCE

● Principal (University of Lucknow Programmes) with School of Management

Sciences, Lucknow, February 2024 to present

● The academic growth of the College through Monitoring and conducting
academic activities of the institute under the guidance of the Management
and assistance of the programme Coordinators.

● To conduct

the periodical meetings of
administration and academics of the college.

the faculties for effective

● Collect lesson plans from faculty before the commencement of lectures
and ensure that the information provided is in accordance with the format.

● Monitor regularly the Course Files maintained by faculty.
● To monitor the day to day activities of the departments.
● Assisting in planning and implementation of academic programs such as
seminars, workshops, etc., necessary for enhancing the academic
competence of the faculty members.

● To take institute and faculty feedback and accordingly take remedial

actions for development of students.

● To plan and take the necessary actions for improvement of college results

and academics and special concern on the weak students.

● Take the lead in the admission process for the College.
● To monitor, manage and evaluate administration of

the institution,
organize meetings of the Governing Body, College Academic Council and
other college Committees and maintain the minutes of the meeting.

● To promote the brand building of the Institution by adopting new

technologies.

● Any other work relating to the College may be assigned by the competent

Authority from time to time.

● All compliance with respect to all statutory requirements like UGC Act,
Statutes, Ordinances, Regulations, Rules, and other orders as issued from
time to time, Admission Regulating Authority, Fee Regulating Authority,
All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE), Etc.

● Conduct of College internal examinations, assessment, moderation of

question papers/ answers etc.

● Core committee member of Admissions at Institute level from January

2020 to till date.

● Coordinator Library for Management & Commerce Department at

Institute level.

● Coordinator MDP/ Consultancy Cell at Institute level.
● Provide training to counselors on “How to handle inquiries” at Institute

Level.

● Handled different task at Registrar Office
● Taking Lectures in MBA, BBA, BCOM (H), BCom.
● Industrial Relation, Labour Laws, Human Resource Management and

Organizational Behaviour etc.

● Associate Professor with School of Management Sciences, Lucknow, August

2019 to present.

● Core committee member of Admissions at Institute level from January

2020 to till date.

● Coordinator Library for Management & Commerce Department at

Institute level.

● Coordinator MDP/ Consultancy Cell at Institute level.
● Provide training to counselors on “How to handle inquiries” at Institute

Level.

● Handled different task at Registrar Office
● Taking Lectures in MBA, BBA, BCOM (H), BCom.
● Industrial Relation, Labour Laws, Human Resource Management and

Organizational Behaviour etc.

● Assist students develop/clarify their academic and career interests, and
their short and long term goals through individual counseling and group
sessions. Assist students develop and implement successful job search
strategies.

● Professional Career Counselor – Conducted 20 Training in session (2017 –
19) different Colleges and Schools (Lucknow, Kanpur, Sitapur etc.) – Process of
Training will be based on LEFT/ RIGHT BRAIN ANALYSIS through online
and offline tests.

● Dean Academics (Associate Professor) – Post Graduate Accredited from
AICTE, with Techno Group of Institutions, Lucknow, September 2016 to
March 2018.

● Director Officiating (from September 2016 to March 2018).
● Overall Coordinator for different committees at college level.
● Member of Board of Studies and Faculty Board.
● Member of Research Cell at Group Level
● Taking Lectures in PGDM, BBA, BCOM (H), BBA.
● Teach Computer Application, Management Information System, Industrial

Relation, Labour Enactments, Operations Research etc.

● Assist students develop/clarify their academic and career interests, and
their short and long term goals through individual counseling and group
sessions. Assist students develop and implement successful job search
strategies.

● Head of Department – Under Graduate affiliated from Lucknow University,

with Techno Group of Institutions, Lucknow, June 2014 to 2016.

● Member of Board of Studies and Faculty Board.
● Member of Research Cell at Group Level
● Taking Lectures in PGDM, BBA, BCOM (H), BBA.
● Teach Computer Application, Management Information System, Industrial

Relation, Labour Enactments, Operations Research etc.

● Assist students develop/clarify their academic and career interests, and
their short and long term goals through individual counseling and group
sessions. Assist students develop and implement successful job search
strategies.

● Assistant Professor, with IISE, Lucknow, July 2012 to May 2014.

▪ Teach Business Communication, Team Building and Leadership, Industrial
Relation, Labour Enactments, Total Quality Management, Human Resource
Management etc.

▪ Assist students develop/clarify their academic and career interests, and their
short and long term goals through individual counseling and group sessions.
Assist students develop and implement successful job search strategies.

● Visiting Professor, with IPM, Lucknow, October 2011 to June 2012.

▪ Business Statistics, Quantitative Techniques

▪ Assist students develop/clarify their academic and career interests, and their
short and long term goals through individual counseling and group sessions.
Assist students develop and implement successful job search strategies.

● Professor, with IIPM, Lucknow, August 2010 to October 2011.

▪ Teach Business Communication, Business Law, Team Building and
Leadership, Industrial Relation, Labour Enactments, Business Statistics, Total
Quality Management, Operation Research etc.

▪ Assist students develop/clarify their academic and career interests, and their
short and long term goals through individual counseling and group sessions.
Assist students develop and implement successful job search strategies.

● Assistant Professor, Head – HR Corporate Relations and Placements, IMRT

Business School, Lucknow, April, 2010 to August 2010

▪ Member of PDP Department of IMRT Business School, Lucknow.

▪ Teach Business Communication, Business Law, Team Building and
Leadership, Industrial Relation, Labour Enactments, Hospitality Management.

▪ Assist students develop/clarify their academic and career interests, and their
short and long term goals through individual counseling and group sessions.
Assist students develop and implement successful job search strategies.

▪ Assisting different

companies

in recruiting candidates as per

their

requirements.

● Assistant Professor, HOD – MBA, Head – Training & Placement, Sacred
Heart Institute of Management and Technology, Sitapur, October, 2007 to March
2010

▪ Member of Management Committee of Sacred Heart Institute of

Management and Technology, Sitapur.

▪ Member of Proctorial board of Sacred Heart Institute of Management

and Technology, Sitapur.

▪ Teach Business Communication, Business Law, Operation Research Team
Building and Leadership, Hospitality Management for Management students
and Optimization Techniques, Professional Communication, DDBMS for
Computer Science students.

▪ Assist students develop/clarify their academic and career interests, and their
short and long term goals through individual counseling and group sessions.
Assist students develop and implement successful job search strategies.
in recruiting candidates as per

▪ Assisting different

companies

their

requirements.

● Senior Lecturer, Sacred Heart Institute of Management and Technology, Sitapur,

August, 2004 to September, 2007

and Leadership, Entrepreneurship

Taught Business Communication, Business Law, Operation Research, Team
Building
and Corporate Governance,
Hospitality Management for Management students and Optimization Techniques,
Professional Communication, DDBMS, DBMS etc.
for Computer Science
students.

● Unit Manager, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co. Ltd., Lucknow, October 2002

to August, 2004

Core activity is team management and selling ICICI products with help of team
members and also responsible planning of marketing strategies, organizing
business presentations and seminars etc.

● Finance Manager, The Magnus Institute sister concern of ICFAI, Kanpur,

September, 2001 to September, 2002

Core responsibilities were to do audits of branches, allocate funds, office
administration and team management.

● Territory Head, NIIT Ltd., New Delhi, June 2000 to August, 2001

Core responsibilities were to do audits of branches as per company policies,
sanction funds, Conduct competition analysis and selection of staff members.

● Senior Customer Support Executive, Eastern Book Company, Mumbai,

December 1998 to May 2000

Core responsibilities were maintaining the databases, plan strategies, S/W
installation, handling Network, solving problems of clients.

● Systems Associates, Aptech, Haridwar, March 1995 to December 1998

Core responsibilities were to maintain the databases, develop main modules and
procedures Plan strategies, S/W installation, handling networks, and solving
problems of clients.

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

● Advisory Board Member, Management Council of UP, Lucknow, 2008 to present

ARTICLES PUBLISHED

● “Human Resource Management System will Increase the Organization HR
Services” in Management Perspective in the New Millennium by HNB Central
University, Srinagar, Uttranchal, February 2010 issue.

● Paper Presented on “Global HR Trends, Is HR ready to Respond” in National
Seminar at SKBB Govt. PG College, Harakh Barabanki on 01st & 02nd March
2015

● Paper Presented on “Acknowledgement of Modern Management through
CHANAKYA Life Incidents” in National Seminar at BIMS, Lucknow on 13th
February 2016.

● Paper Presented on “Compare and Contrast the Influence of Economic, Social
and Political characteristics that have developed Tourism in India”. In
National Seminar at PSIT, Kanpur on 09th and 10th April 2016.

● Will the implementation of GST in India have any impact on the common

man’s life? on my Blog: drmahendrasrivastava.wordpress.com

● Feeding Lucknow on my Blog: drmahendrasrivastava.wordpress.com

● What is New in the World on my Blog: drmahendrasrivastava.wordpress.com

● Article on UP Investors Summit on my Blog:

drmahendrasrivastava.wordpress.com

● According to Modern Management Lessons - We says it’s a controversial point,
but you can understand by the incident when Lord Ganesha stops Lord Shiva
while entering in home on my Blog: drmahendrasrivastava.wordpress.com

● Innovative Human Resource Practices and its outcome in organizational

Commitment of I.T Professionals - A study

CONFERENCES, SEMINARS

● Presented a paper titled SAHAJA YOGA'S HEALING POTENTIAL AS
SPIRITUAL MEDICINE in 11th International Conference On The Topic
"Indian Knowledge Systems For Achieving Sustainable Development Goals"
at School of Management Sciences, Varanasi on 03rd & 04th March 2024.

● Presented

a

titled

paper

INDIA'S FOOD SECURITY'S PUBLIC
DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM'S IMPLEMENTATION in SDG9- Industry,
Innovation & Infrastructure at School of Management Sciences, Lucknow on
24 February 2023.

● COORDINATION'S FUNCTION IN AN EFFICIENT PUBLIC SERVICE
DELIVERY SYSTEM in Journal of Public Administration and Governance
ISSN 2161-7104 2022, Vol. 12, No. 2

● PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM – A CASE STUDY ON FOOD
SECURITY IN INDIA in Journal of Positive School Psychology ISSN:
2717-7564 Vol. 6 No. 9 (2022)

● Paper presented “INDIA'S PUBLIC SERVICE DELIVERY SYSTEM AND
ITS IMPACT ON CITIZENS' LIVES” in SDG 8-Decent Work and
Economic Growth at Lal Bahadur Shastri Institute of Management, New Delhi
on January 2022.

● Paper presented “Synchronize your work life with control on Plexus or
Chakras” in ICON - International Conference on Ancient Indian Wisdom:
Panacea for Sustainable Well-Being at School of Management Sciences,
Varanasi on 26th June 2021.

● National Seminar on “Impact of Tourism on Income and Employment in
Indian Economy in Globalized Era: Problems and Challenges” at PSIT,
Kanpur on 09th and 10th April 2016.

● National Seminar

on

“Digitalization of

India: Empowering online

Infrastructure” at BIMS, Lucknow on 13th February 2016.

● National Seminar on “Recent Trends

in Commerce, Management &
interdisciplinary Research” at SKBB Govt. PG College, Harakh Barabanki
on 01st & 02nd March 2015.

● National Seminar on “Indian Youth in 21st Century: Issues Challenges and

Way Forward” at Kanpur University on 14th February 2015.

● Faculty Development Program on “Paradigm Shift In The Sphere Of
Management Program” at TECHNO GROUP OF INSTITUTIONS on 11th
Dec. 2014.

● Chief Executive Forum for GLOBAL TRENDS IN CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE (APRIL 2012) under taken by faculties from CHICAGO
BOOTH SCHOOL OF BUSINESS and IIPM.

● National Conference on “Shaping the future … Leadership Challenges and
Institute of

Business Strategies in Emerging Markets”, Mount Carmel
Management, Bangalore, July 2009.

● Faculty Development Programme

“Learner Centered Pedagogical
on
Approach: A Need of Dynamic Education System”, LBSIMDS, Lucknow,
January 2009

BOOK REVIEWS

● Improving Marketing Effectiveness – Methods and Tools by Robert Shaw.

● Organize Your Life: Train Your Brain to Get More Done in Less Time by Paul

Hammerness.

● Indian Economy Performance & Policy by Usha Kapila, Academic Foundation,

India

● Industrial Relations by Prof. Arun Monappa, Tata McGraw ‐ Hill, India

PERSONAL INFORMATION

● Born on 18th, May, 1972.
● Marital status is married

Dr. Mahendra S. Srivastava

