DRIOLE BALA 
Driolabala@gmail.com 
+383 45 962 226 
KOSOVO 

EDUCATION 

 International Business College Mitrovica, Mitrovice, Kosovo 
●  Master’s in International Management and Leadership 

UCL Erhvervsakademi og Professionshøjskole, Odense, Denmark 

●  ERASMUS+ Exchange Program– International Sales and Marketing 

International Business College Mitrovica, Mitrovice, Kosovo 
●  Bachelor of Marketing and Management – International Sales, Marketing & Management 

    Vilniaus Kolegija/University of Applied Sciences 

●  Bachelor of Business Administration - BBA, International Sales and Marketing 

                                                              PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

DB HERS (E-commerce)     

Part time Social Media Manager & Co - Founder 

●  Manages and analyzes sales monthly 
●  Social Media Performance Analysis 
●  Leading the development of short and long-term strategies for the company 
●  Setting the company’s mission and vision 
●  Maintaining awareness of the competitive market landscape and industry trends 

SUPERLINKS  

Growth Advisor  

   April 2021 - Present  

 Dec 2023 - Apr 2024 

●  Book calls with potential prospects, SaaS, EdTech, AI Industry, E-Commerce, Digital Marketing and SEO 

Agencies 

●  Research and find relevant contacts 
●  Responsible for Email Template Writing & Outreach 
●  Responsible of email warmup 
●  Update CRM and Account Management Sheets 

MANAFERRA INC.  

  Jan 2023 - Apr 2024 

Growth, Business Development Team Lead                                                      

●  Team monitoring & mentoring 
●  Sales Calls with potential clients about SEO and Link Building services. 
●  Conducted 6 figures sales within 5 months (focused selling Link Building and Digital PR Campaigns) 
●  Suggest and implement new B2B sales opportunities 
●  Responsible for building long-term relationship with clients 
●  Booked calls with potential clients in Higher Ed. Industry, including some of the top 10 Ivy league 

universities.  

 
  
 
 
                      
 
                        
 
                      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
●  Client retention/ up-sell, cross-sell 
●  Management of the processes, workflow and efficiency within Business Development Department 
●  Outreach/ Results Performance Analysis  
●  Manage all the various tasks efficiently and effectively using the tools and technology offered by the 

company. This includes project management, conversation management, data analysis, document sharing, 
and collaboration tools, scheduling and meeting tools, and more. 

QTA MITROVICE (DURMART)                                                                                             Jun 2020 – May 2021 

Assistant Marketing Manager  

●  Head of Social Media Marketing - QTA Logistics (Wholesale) 
●  Social Media management - QTA and its supermarkets 
●  Organizing the yearly holidays and important events 
●  Responsible for sales campaigns and the digital marketing 
●  Conduct thorough analysis of competitors' pricing structures. 
●  Identify pricing trends and opportunities for strategic positioning. 
●  Provide insights for optimizing our pricing 
●  Product and campaign Photography 

BELLA SPOSA (Bridal & Event Planner Store)                                                                      Nov 2016 – Jun 2020 

Senior Sales Representative 

●  Counted and verified sales on daily basis 
●  Greeting customers and offering customer service 
●  Foster and maintain positive relationships with clients. 
●  Regularly engage in open communication to understand client needs. 
●  Develop and execute strategies for long-term client retention. 
●  Identify opportunities for upselling or cross-selling based on client goals. 
●  Achieving established daily & monthly goals 
●  Managed teams and projects on field   

SKILLS, ACTIVITIES & INTERESTS  

●  Certification & Training:  

Leadership Program: Leadership, Management Styles, How to lead a team etc. -  Manaferra L.L.C, (1year participation) 
Certificate of Excellence - QTA Mitrovice (Durmart),  
Junior Geek Program: Entrepreneurship, Social Media Management, Digital Marketing and SEO, Body language Presentation 
Skills, AI, Multimedia etc – Innovation Centre of Kosovo (ICK), 
Junior Geek Hackathon: Winner of the Junior Geek hackathon; First Place – Innovation Centre of Kosovo (ICK),  
Communication and leadership skills – Ipko Foundation (IF) 

•    Technical Skills: Outreach, Sales and Account Management: BuzzStream, Apollo, Smartlead, Warmup, Sales Navigator, 

Click Up. 
SEO: SEMrush and Ahrefs. 

•    Knowledge: Fundamentals: SEO and how link building impacts search engine rankings 

Digital PR and Marketing Fundamentals: Blog posts, Content Creation, Marketing Strategy and Digital PR strategy. 

•    Activities: 

Volunteer at EIK (Educators Innovation of Kosovo) non-profit organization 
Internship at ViPRINT (Sales & Marketing & Product production) 
IBCM: Class Representee, Marketing and International Sales Spur 
IBCM: Secretary of the University’s President  

•    Interests: Traveling, Kick Box and growing small businesses. 

           Albanian (Native), English (C2), Turkish (A2), German (A2) 

  LANGUAGE 

 
   
 
     
 
 
 
 
