Fahad Shahriyar Bhat 

Contact: +91 6006689031 
Email: fahadshahriyar22@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/fahad-shahriyar-7aab13163 

Objective: Highly motivated and detail-oriented Environmental Engineering graduate with a 
strong academic background and a passion for sustainability. Seeking a job opportunity in the 
field of Environment and Sustainability to apply my knowledge, skills, and certifications in 
promoting environmental awareness and driving positive change. 

Experience: 

1.  Energy management intern – Shahi Exports pvt ltd  (Aug – Oct, 2023) 

•  Conducted a comprehensive analysis of energy data and emissions generated across various 

Shahi units, providing valuable insights and actionable recommendations for improved energy 
efficiency and reduced environmental impact.  

•  Conducted an in-depth examination of thermal and electrical operations within Shahi, leading 

to the identification of areas for enhanced efficiency and reduced carbon emissions.  

•  Recommended innovative interventions and strategies for expediting decarbonization 

initiatives within Shahi units, aligning with the company's sustainability goals. 

 Education:  

1.  Master’s in Environmental Engineering, Chandigarh University, 2021-2023  

•  CGPA: 7.9 (Current) 
•  Thesis: "Assessing the change in physicochemical parameters on Brari Nambal lagoon 

throughout the last decade and its effect on the Environment" 

•  Assisted in data collection, Statistical analysis, and interpretation for the research project 
•  Utilized statistical analysis techniques like Pearson’s correlation matrix to gain insights into 
interrelation between different physicochemical parameters. Regression analysis was also 
conducted to check the significance of the data and to identify trends and potential ecological 
implications of the observed changes. 

•  Active participation in sustainability forums, workshops, and conferences to stay updated with 

the latest trends and advancements in sustainable practices. 

2.  Bachelor’s in Civil Engineering, Chandigarh University, 2017-2021  

•  CGPA: 7.1 

•  Campus Mapping assignment: 

1.  Built a comprehensive map of the entire Chandigarh university campus 
using surveying methods as part of my Bachelor’s degree assignment. 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
2.  Conducted on-site surveys and data collection to accurately capture the 

layout, features and infrastructure of the campus. 

3.  Utilized surveying equipment like total stations and GPS devices to measure 
and record data points for buildings and collaborated with a team to ensure 
the completeness and accuracy of the map. 

Conferences 

1.  Attended AICTE sponsored International Conference on “Sustainable 

practices in Engineering & Technology (IC-SPET’23) organized by Sree 
Buddha College of Engineering, Alappuzha, Kerela 
•  Presented my research paper during a dedicated session on Sustainable 

practices in Engineering. 

•  Engaged in discussions with researchers, industry professionals and 

experts in the field of Sustainability. 

•  Received positive feedback on the research paper presentation 

while demonstrating the research findings. 

Achievements 
Awarded as the best research paper under the category “Sustainable practices in water 
resource engineering” at an AICTE sponsored conference 

 
 
 
 
 
