FAHAD ALI KHAN  

fahadkhanthree@gmail.com | 505-316-9351 | 10800 Cibola Loop NW, Albuquerque, NM 87114| 
linkedin.com/in/fahad-ali-khan-03/         | Portfolio: https://fahadkhanthree.wixsite.com/fahad-s-portfolio 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 
On-Page SEO:  Technical Audit, Content Optimization, Page Speed Optimization, Schema Markup, Mobile Optimization, Structured Data 
Markup, Keyword Research Analysis, SEO AI Tools, Local SEO, Advanced GA 4 Setting up & Tracking, HTML/CSS knowledge, Familiarity with 
CMS like Wordpress, Joomla, Website Migrations. 
Off-Page SEO: Link Building, Social Media Engagement, Citations, Backlink Analysis, Link Disavowal, Prospecting & Outreach, ABC Link 
Exchange, Link Insertion, Guest Post, HARO, Broken Link-building tactic.  

CERTIFICATIONS 
Google Ads Search Certification. 
Google Adwords Advanced Search 
Google Adwords Advanced Display 
Google Adwords Advertising Fundamentals 
HubSpot - Contextual Marketing.  
HubSpot – SEO II  
Advanced Google Analytics (GA 4). 
Google Tag Manager Fundamentals 
Bings Ads Accredited Professional 
Google Analytics For Beginners. 

EXPERIENCE 
Walmart                                                                                                                                               Oct 2023 – Present 
Front End Cashier (Part-Time) 

Smile, greet, and thank customers with a positive attitude. 
Stand for long periods of time while checking out customers quickly and accurately. 

 
 
  Answer customer questions and help them with their needs. 
  Be available to assist associates across the store as needed. 
 
Ensure customers have a great first and last impression. 
  Have a positive attitude in all weather conditions. 
 

Scan items, explain a price, bag items properly, count cash back, and keep your area clean. 

  8x8 
SEO Outreach Specialist 
 Conducted competitor analysis to identify link-building opportunities and areas for improvement, resulting in a 15% increase in the 

Dec 2022 – Sep 2023 

acquisition of high quality backlinks from competitors' referring domains. 

 Managed and maintained relationships with external partners and website owners, ensuring timely follow-ups and fostering long-term 

partnerships for ongoing collaboration.  

 Collaborated with content creators to develop and optimize high-quality, SEO-friendly content. 
 Developed and executed outreach strategies to build high-quality backlinks from authoritative websites, contributing to a 15% rise in 

search engine rankings for target keywords. 

 Built around 40 backlinks on DR 70+ while overall successfully built 100 backlinks on pure SaaS domains.  
 Secured backlinks on pure SaaS sites having high DR, TF & DA such as scalefusion.com, whatagraph.com, hive.com, sales.rocks and many 

more. 

 Utilized AI tools like Pictory, Suffer SEO, Scalenut & ProRankTracker to monitor and analyze website analytics, identifying areas for 

improvised and strategic enhancement.  

 Utilized all proven link building strategies such as A-B-C exchange, Guest Post exchange, Direct outreach and HARO. 
 Utilized outreach tools and platforms to identify and engage with relevant influencers and industry leaders, resulting in a 25% increase in 

brand mentions and partnerships. 

 Monitored and tracked outreach performance metrics, such as response rates, conversion rates, and link acquisition, using data to 

optimize and improve outreach strategies continuously. 

 Depth understanding of using the CRM tools like Hubspot, Asana and Zoom info. 
Branex 
SEO Specialist 
 Conducted searches such as evaluating competitor websites to incorporate best practice and create marketing strategy to ensure optimal 

Oct 2020 – Nov 2022 

results. 

 Analyzed data to identify trends, generate reports and adjust campaigns as necessary to produce the most optimal ROI. 
 Analyze and understand complex SEO issues or needs to produce simple explanations and specific action plans that support the client’s 

SEO strategy. 

 Conducted in-depth keyword research and analysis, identifying high-value opportunities for content optimization and targeted outreach. 

      
 
                                                 
       
 
 Perform White Hat SEO strategies including changing layout, content optimization, keyword structuring and etc.  
 Implemented link-building strategies to enhance website authority and improve search engine rankings. 
 Proven depth understanding of using web analytics tools like Google Analytics 4, Google Search Console in order to analyze traffic trends 

and visitor’s behavior. 

Nov 2019 – Oct 2020 

 Successfully ranked one of their main keyword ‘web design dubai’ from 30th to 3rd with the help of my own strategies.  
 Increased keyword usage from 10% to 50%. 
 Regularly update existing blogs and the missing elements of site. 
 Basic understanding of PHP, HTML, and CSS for making customizations beyond the capabilities of themes and plugins. 
 Stay updated with search engine algorithm changes and industry trends. 
 Proficiency in SEO tools & software (e.g, Ahrefs, SpyFu, Screaming Frog, SEMrush, Moz, Hubspot, CSS Compressor, JS Compress.) 
PNC Solutions 
SEO Outreach Executive 
 Designed and proposed various outreach and engagement strategies. 
 Find Prospect, Outreach and takes full ownership of outreach emails. 
 Work on the different niches including (Health, Travel, Business/Small business and Technology. 
 Daily finding prospect 100-150 and outreach them for making opportunities. 
 Monitor and track link placements and anchor text diversity. 
 Create compelling outreach emails and messages to engage with external partners. 
FSD Solutions LLC 
SEO Executive 
 Manage three different niche sites based on buss, travel and home improvement niche. 
 Develop on-site body content, Meta description, Meta title, Metatags in support of SEO strategies. 
 Tracking of keyword rankings. 
 Did all off-page activities including (Blog commenting, Forum commenting, Guest posting and Profile Creation 
 Daily Social posting on five channels (Fb, IG, Twitter, Pinterest and Reddit) 
 Manage XML sitemaps, robots.txt files, and canonical tags. 
 Research and analyze competitor backlinks. 
 Recommend changes to website architecture, content, linking and other factors to improve SEO positions for target keywords. 
 Perform monthly technical audit with the help of tools like Ahrefs and Semrush. 

Apr 2019 – Nov 2019 

  ACHIEVEMENTS 
Traffic Growth: With my SEO efforts dubaimonsters.com organic traffic got increased with a 40% ratio and 25% number of new visitors 
acquired. 
Ranked Keyword: Dubaimonsters and Branex most sales driven keywords like web design dubai, web development company got 
ranked from 10th position to 2nd in the SERP. 
Link Building Success: For 8x8 Secured more than 80+ high-quality backlinks on pure SaaS domains, resulting in a 20% increase in 
referral traffic. 

EDUCATION 
University of Karachi, Karachi, Pakistan. 
Bachelors in Commerce. 

  Al-Hamd Academy   
  CIMA (Chartered Institute of Management Accountants) 

 
    
 
 
                                              
 
   
