FATHIMA THASNEEM

Contact:(+91) 9188008830 Email:fathima.thasneem852@gmail.com
Address: N.I.TCampus,Kozhikode,PIN-673601

Objective:
As a fresh and aspiring freelance digital marketer, my objective is to secure a challenging and
rewarding position as an Email Outreach Specialist. I am eager to apply my budding knowledge
and passion for digital marketing to contribute effectively to outreach campaigns and engage
with diverse audiences. Through hands-on experience and continuous learning, I aim to develop
and enhance my skills in email outreach, build strong relationships, and drive positive results for
clients while expanding my expertise in this dynamic field. I am excited to be part of a team
where I can learn and grow while delivering valuable contributions to the success of email
marketing initiatives.

Education

Bachelor of Arts Honours in English (Minor in Economics)

Lady Shri Ram College For Women, The University Of Delhi
New Delhi, India.
● GPA: 3.0 / 4
● [June, 2023]

Secondary School Certification: Commerce and Computer Applications

CMR HSS, Calicut
Kerala, India

● GPA: 100%
● Academic Excellence Award
● [June, 2020]

Primary Education:

Gems Our Own Indian School
Dubai, United Arab Emirates

Experience

GirlUp Pranaah — Social Media and Public Relations
Manager, Design Head

● Handling and Managing the Content and Social Media Handles of the Organisation.
● Coordinating the events and collaborations.
● Designing Digital content for the Social Media handles.

Connecting Dreams Foundation India — Team Member
● Market Research and Product Development.
● Consistent contributions to Social Media Platforms.
● Monetizing local handicrafts of tribal women.

Volunteering Activities

Prakriti, Environment Society,
Lady Shri Ram College For Women — Volunteer

● Achievements - Volunteer of the Month of March,
● Received Letter of appreciation for contributions towards the Green Cup of Delhi

University.

National Service Scheme, India — Volunteer

● Achievements - Active member who Participated in the Annual event of NSS in Lady

Shri Ram College (online)

Skills

● Communication
● Analytical Thinking
● Attention to Detail
● Problem-Solving
● Cross-cultural Sensitivity
● MS Office Proficiency
Interpersonal Skills
●
● Organizational Skills
●
● Networking
● Adaptability

Time Management

Languages

English: Advanced/ Fluent
Hindi: Fluent
Malayalam: Native speaker
Arabic: Passive Fluency

Certification/Additional Courses

Advanced Digital Marketing (ongoing)
certification to enhance digital skills and contribute to marketing and brand campaigns.
SEO, SMM, Content Writing, WordPress Web Development, Creative Marketing Strategy,
Email Marketing.

Working with real clients.

