                     FAZIL NAZIR 

                            +91 8588062689 ⋄ Delhi, New Delhi 

                                    fazilalwayshere@gmail.com 

OBJECTIVE 

To reach a responsible and reputed position in the work field using my skills, and perseverance and hence completely in 
the progress of the firm, putting the best of my efforts in shaping my destination and reaching the height inch by inch. 

EDUCATION 

Master  of  Social  Work-Human  Resources,  University of Kashmir 

Bachelors  of  Commerce,  University  of  Kashmir 

SKILLS 

2013 - 2015 

2008 - 2012 

Technical Skills: Talent Acquisition, Induction, On-boarding, File Management, Compensation and Benefits, Labor 
Laws, Compliance, Employer Branding, Exit Management, Manpower Planning, Reporting, HRIS, Oracle, Employee 
Engagement, Human Resource Operations,  Vendor Management, MS  Office, MS  Office, MS  Excel, Outlook, Cold  
calls,  BGV,  Presentations,  Sourcing  and  Screening  profiles,  Data  Analytics,  Job  Postings,  Networking.  End  to  End 
Recruitment, SAP Hiring, IT recruitment, Employee Relations and Grievance Management, Non-IT recruitment, Full 
time (FTE) hiring, Contract-to-hire (C2H) hiring, Vendor management, Attrition, Retention, Recruiting, Social Media 
Hiring, Canvas, SEO,  On  page SEO and  Off Page  SEO 

EXPERIENCE 

Recruiter 
Accenture 

Feb 2022 - Feb 2023 
Noida 

  Worked with Renege Management Team. 
  Learned to make outbound calls to the candidates and inquire about any issues in joining. 
  Collaborated with team members to resolve any issues regarding the process. 
  Revised the Offer letters of the candidates with proper approval. 
  Maintained the tracker and shared the inputs. 
  Drafted a questionnaire and took inputs from the candidates. 
  Co-coordinating  with  team  and  candidates  to  promote  maximum  participation  in  Red  Carpet  Event. 
  Sorting and sharing the candidates’ issues with respective teams for speedy resolution. 
  Attended learning sessions on different topics. 
  Attended training sessions on SEO, On page SEO and Off Page SEO 
  Learned  Social  Media. 
  Conducted Employee Value Proposition (EVP) promoting the Employer Brand to the candidates. 
  Assisting with the Scheduling team in confirming and updating the same  on portals. 
  Collating trackers  and  sharing  them  across. 
  Attended daily meetings and make appropriate notes. 
  Attending  learning  sessions  on  Recruitment,  Excel,  Data  etc. 
  Performing Sourcing and Screening of profiles using Job Portals like Naukri, Linked Recruiter Premium Account 

and Internal Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS), Indeed, Shine, Monster etc. 

  Posting  jobs  on  LinkedIn  Recruiter  Premium  Account. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Performing Initial screening and profile matching regarding Educational  Qualification,  Experience,  Relevant 

Skill  sets,  Communication  skills,  Team  Compatibility  and  stability. 

  Making  outbound  calls  to  the  candidates  and  sharing  Job  Descriptions  (JD)  with  the  candidates  via  email. 
  Confirming Pending Online Skills Test (POST) and Pending Skills Interview (PSI) and updating same on the 

system. 

  Working with HRIS and entering necessary  details of the candidates. 
  Active Participation in  HRSS and  HR  operations. 
  Assisted  in  Back  Ground  Checks  (BGC)  and  Document  Verification. 
  Handled End-to-End recruitment at entry and senior levels depending upon the bands. 
  Working on different  trackers and  sharing them  within TAT deadlines. 
  Promoting  Diversity  of  candidates  while  sourcing. 
  Building and maintaining relationships with candidates continually through a high volume of phone and email. 
  Providing market insights for demand fulfilment. 
  Learned and practised Networking. 
  Identifying and analyzing low-cost channel inflow. 
  Considering  all  channels  like  Agency,  Internal/Media  and  Employee  referrals  while  sourcing  for  lateral  recruit- 

ment. 

  Releasing offers and working in HRSS ( Human Resource Shared Services ) 
  Assisting  in  Pre-onboarding  issues,  documents  insufficiency,  BGC  updates  etc. 
  Sending Mail Merge emails to new joiners and maintaining Excel. 
  Promoting candidate experience. 
  Organizing  meetings  and  promoting  maximum  participation. 
  Working with the On-boarding team about new hires. 

Technical   Consultant 
Iquest Management Consultants 

Nov 2021 - Jan 2022 
Noida 

  Posting  IT/BFSI/Non-IT/BPO  jobs  on  Naukri,  Hirist  and  LinkedIn  platforms. 
  Using  portals  like  Naukri,  Indeed,  Shine  and  Monster 
  Calling the candidates for various positions and entering the data as per the prescribed format. 
  Performing  Salary/CTC  Negotiation. 
  Sharing  the  shortlisted  profiles  with the  Client. 
  Scheduling Interviews. 
  Using Canvas. 
  Performed Interviews with the candidate. 
  Learned and practised Networking. 
  Updating feedback from the Clients’ side to the existing data. 
  Promoting and cooperating with clients’ recruitment drive. 
  Discussing the requirements for better understanding, mapping and sourcing suitable profiles. 
  Performing  sourcing  for  Junior,  mid  and  Senior  level  bulk-hiring. 
  Resolving  and  tracing  candidates  from  sourcing  to  On-boarding. 
  Handling teams and promoting teamwork. 
  Uploading details of candidates on Taleo. 
  Participating in team meets and sharing daily reports. 
  Making  PPTs  and  explaining  to  team  members. 

July 2021 - Nov 2022 

Pune 

Preparing  Job  descriptions  for  various  positions. 

IT Recruiter 
Podium Systems Pvt Ltd 

  Making outbound calls to candidates. 
  Explaining about new opportunities and sharing JDs with candidates. 
  Coordinating with scheduling and confirming interviews. 
  Handling clients. 
  Attending daily meetings and sharing feedback. 
  Promoting client relationship. 
  Adding more clients. 
  Performing  Salary/CTC  Negotiation. 
  Maintaining/updating data and sharing with managers. 
  Adding details on Taleo of candidates. 
  Worked with lateral hiring. 
  Worked with IT , Non IT and BFSI positions. 
  Posting jobs on Naukri, Hirist, Indeed and monster. 
  Using Naukri, Hirist, Indeed, Shine, Monster and LinkedIn. 
  Imparting sessions to new comers and Interns and managing their work. 

Human   Resource   Executive 
Max  Healthcare 

Sep 2018 - May 2019 
Gurgaon/Gurugram 

  Learned to undertake End to End recruitment:  Creating Job descriptions, screening and shortlisting, scheduling 

for personal or video interviews using job portals/employee referrals and process for final selection. 

  Coordinated in Applicant Tracking Systems (A.T.S), Candidate  Information  Sheets  (C.I.S),  Reference  Checks, 

and Background  Verification for Doctors, Paramedics, Nurses and other designations. 

  Assisting  in  campus  recruiting. 
  Drafted Offer Letters:  Making Salary Structure, Checking Mandatory Documents, and Releasing the Offer letter. 
  Worked on BFSI, IT, BPO and Non-IT positions. 
  Worked  with  Pre  On-boarding: Scheduling  Medical  Fitness  Check-up  through  call  or  e-mail  to  the  concerned 

hospital. 

  Undertook Onboarding:  Handling the complete employee life cycle.  This includes conducting induction, orien- 

tation, joining formalities, and joining kit/Documents. 

  Maintaining and updating files, sending input for e-mail ID creation and Laptop/Desktop Issuance. 
  Worked in Post On-boarding:  Online input submission for BGV, and Process for ID card, Visiting Card. 
  Updating feedback from the Clients’ side to the existing data. 
  Promoting and cooperating with clients’ recruitment drive. 
  Discussing the requirements for better understanding, mapping and sourcing suitable profiles. 
  Performing  sourcing  for  Junior,  mid  and  Senior  level  bulk-hiring. 
  Resolving  and  tracing  candidates  from  sourcing  to  On-boarding. 
  Worked  with  Social  Media  Hiring. 
  Learned about Networking. 
  Making  and  dispatching  Appointment  letters/Contracts. 
  Maintaining  and  updating  multiple  trackers  like  Master  database,  Account  details,  offer  details  and  preparing 

other reports as per requirement (MIS). 

  Making Salary Sheets, and Solving employees’ salary issues through calls and mail. 
  Promoting Employee relations, Induction, Documentation, organizing Training, terms condition of employment, 
facilitating  the  process,  handling  grievances  about  policy,  compensation,  and  explaining,  and  implementing 
various policies and procedures to the employee. 

  Handling  Inbound/  Outbound  calls  of  the  HR  department. 

 
  Assisting with the day-to-day operations of the HR office. 
  Assisted in Vendor management. 
  Handing of File management:  maintaining files in hard copy and sharing the same with third-party vendors for 

converting into soft copy. 

  Providing support to the Recruitment and payroll team with Documentation, and preparation of resources. 
  Assisting in the Payroll of the employees by sharing relevant inputs. 
  Sharing PF and ESI Details of new joiners and assisting with such queries. 
  Working with Oracle HRIS and ERP. 
  Learned  Canvas  and  used  Canvas. 
  Learned  MS  Office. 
  Attending  MBR  (Monthly  Business  Reviews)  with  senior  management  and  sharing  feedback. 
  Preparation of contracts and maintaining the same. 
  Issuing Warning letters to the concerned employee after receiving feedback from the concerned team/supervisor. 
  Updating  HR  database  (using  Oracle  Software)  and  making  correct  changes  as  per  need,  issuing  salary  slips  to 

the employees using the software, cascading welcome emails, and arranging meetings. 

  Participating in HR clinics and taking feedback. 
  Undertook Soft skill training and assisted in LMS. 
  Undertaking Exit formalities and interviews.  NABH and JCI Accreditations. 
  Assisted  in  Admin-related  work  and  HRSS  (Human  Resource  Shared  Services) 
  Handling basic office tasks, such as filing, delivering mail, answering emails and phone calls, and data entry. 

Senior Process Associate                                                                                                                  Mar 2018 – July 2018 
Gurgaon/Gurugram 
Accenture 

 Understanding customer queries of US customers (Project Fi) 
 Resolving their queries. 
 Providing tech support to the US consumers. 
 Assisting in escalations. 
 Attending training sessions. 
 Assisting team members. 

CSE  
SBI Card 

 Understanding customer queries of domestic consumers. 
 Resolving their queries. 

CRM-Associate 
Concentrix 

Dec 2017 - Feb 2018 
Gurgaon/Gurugram 

July 2016 - Jan 2018 
Gurgaon/Gurugram 

  Understanding customer queries of UK customer (Amazon UK). 
  Resolving their  issues. 
  Using email, chat and voice. 
  Handled escalations and promoted speedy resolutions. 
 
  Worked  as  a  Quality  Analyst. 
  Analyze data to generate valuable insights to predict customer trends. 
  Offered  recommendations  on  process  and  policy  improvements  from  reports. 
  Worked with the Recruitment team to fill positions. 

Interacted via phone, email and chat. 

ACADEMIC  ASSIGNMENT 

  Academic assignment with JK Bank for Human Resources (2013) 

  Community  Worker  to  study  Immunization  programmes  among  Children  (2013) 

  Research  study  (Team  Leader)  on  floods  in  Kashmir  and  their  impact  on  housing  and  the  role  of  social 

work  in disaster management. 

 
 
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 

Reading, YouTube learning and freelance writing. 

NEWSPAPER PUBLICATIONS 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“As home turns into office” published on Greater Kashmir - 10-October-2021. 

“As  home  turns  into  office  2  ”published  on  Greater  Kashmir  -  04-November-2021 

“Understanding  relationships:  Connect  and  confusion”  published  on  Rising  Kashmir  on  15  July  2018. 

“Understanding relationships,  understanding humans” published on Kashmir Observer on 06-Aug- 2015 

“What  they  show”  published  on  Rising  Kashmir  28-Nov  -2014. 

“2  Many”  published  on  Greater  Kashmir  on  Sat,  4  Oct  2014. 

 
 
 
