Resume 

+916371864709 

gayatripradhan344@gmail.com 

Gayatri Pradhan 

Career Objective 

Seeking  a  challenging  &  rewarding  career  in  a  corporate  organization,  to  work  in  a 
multidisciplinary  and  professional  environment  that  caters  to  my  professional  and  personal 
growth.  Utilize  the  recent  improving  trends  while  making  optimum  use  of  the  available 
resources for the success of the company. More importantly, working  harmoniously in a team 
to bring forth the best from self and everyone. 

Academics 

Qualification 

Institute 

Passing year 

Percentage 

M. tech 

B. tech 

12th 

10th 

Centurion University of 
Technology & Management 
Centurion University of 
Technology & Management 

KIIT Science College 
Saraswati Sishu Vidya Mandir, 
Paradeep Port 

2018 

2016 

2012 

2010 

90.00% 

80.00% 

60.00% 

78.5% 

Projects 

● Function Generator (2016) 

○ Designed and implemented a control system for monitoring , maintaining and risk aversion 
in fully functional automated routing and load balancing water supply system. 

● Customizable temperature sensitive AC motor controller (2012) 

○ specifically applied in fan that starts on its own triggering on a certain programmable cutoff 
temperature range. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Experience 

1.  9 months experience in First source solutions limited as a post of customer support 

associate in Bangalore. 

2.  7 months experience in [24]7.AI India as a customer support associate role for 

international voice process. 

Work experience: 

Handling customer interaction efficiently and effectively via Chat. 
Receive and Promptly Respond to Customer Queries and resolve them in a timely and efficient 
manner. 
Identifying customer needs and helping customers using specific features. 
Take ownership of customer issues and Escalate unresolved issues to the appropriate internal 
teams. 

3.  9 months experience in Byjus, Bangalore as a Central Audit Team.  

Work experience 

Created spreadsheets using Microsoft excel for daily, weekly, and monthly 
reporting. 
Used coordination and planning skills to achieve results according to schedule. 
Developed and implemented performance improvement strategies’ and plans to 
promote continuous improvement. 
Developed team communications and informations for meetings 

Technical Skills 

● Core Java 

● PLC & SCADA 

● Well versed with Microsoft Office. 

Strengths 

● Proficient with written & verbal communication in English, Hindi & Odiya. 

● Flexible, hardworking and enthusiastic to learn & explore new things. 

● Quick learner  having  the ability to develop familiarity with new procedures and services in 
short time span. 

● Work well in both team environments and individually. 

Accolades 

● Gold medalist in badminton in annual inter-college sports meet. (2015) 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
● Runner up in classical dance in annual university cultural fest. (2013) 

● Gold medalist in annual college badminton championship. (2013) 

● Runner up in annual college parliamentary debate competition. (2012) 

● Runner up in classical dance competition at district level. (2010) 

 Extra-Curricular Activities 

● Singing 

● watching talent hunt shows 

● Reading self-help books 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
