ISHA RAI SYAL 

27-A- Punjabi Bagh, Patiala, Punjab, 147001 | 7696995445 | ishasyal95@gmail.com | 

Hardworking and energetic Psychology graduate. Worked with a very diverse group of clientele and staff from other 
countries around the world on a daily basis. I have worked as an assistant to the director and have four year’s work 
experience in care (for people with special needs). As well as experience in other fields such as, sales and other 
voluntary jobs. Enjoy working in an environment that is rewarding as well as challenging. Looking forward to joining a 
reputable company and fulfilling my duties while adhering to the company's ethics, policies and regulations, also 
focusing on maintaining respect and good communication amongst team members and clients. 

Experience 

Assistant to Director, Binny Icecream, Patiala                                                                                 Dec 2020-Oct 2024

●  Assisting in developing and implementing 
plans and goals for the department. 
●  Working with the director to coordinate 

and supervise daily operations. 

●  Ensuring compliance with regulations and 

internal policies. 

●  Develop and maintain strong relationships 
with key clients, acting as the main point 

of contact for ongoing communication and 
support. 

●  Ability to function well in a high-paced 

environment; performs additional duties as 
assigned by the Director. 

●  Excellent communication and time 

management skills; proven ability to meet 
deadlines.      

Support Worker, Scotia Heights, UK                                                                                               June 2016- Oct 2020

●  Excellent time keeping and time management 

●  Experience of working with adults and their 

skills. 

families. 

●  An effective team player who collaborates well 

with other people but who is also self-
motivated. 

●  A good listener with the ability to take 
advice/guidance and act accordingly. 

●  A professional, polite and enthusiastic attitude 

to all activities undertaken. 

●  Good communication skills (both verbal and 

●  An understanding of safeguarding 

written). 

responsibilities. 

●  Good organisational skills with the ability to 

●  An ability to work within a multi-agency setting.

take my own initiative. 

Customer Service Champion, Shell                                                                                                 Sep 2015 – Jan 2016

●  Cash handling. 
●  Attending training and meetings with the 

retailer and team. 

●  To update and maintain files. 
●  Organising training materials of team members 

and staff.  

VOLUNTARY WORK EXPERIENCE 

Annual Psychology and Me Event, Staffs University, UK                                                                       27 February 2020 

Assisted with use of driving simulator task, an equipment used in research to see how different stimulus can affect 
driving. 
Assisted professors with the display and use of equipment. 
Collected data, while guiding participants on how to use the equipment. 

Student Academic Representative, Staffordshire University                                                           Sep 2015 – Jun 2016

Represented the student body to develop and improve facilities within higher education. 
Liaising with the management team to develop and deliver outstanding customer service. 
Producing written reports to present to academic and business managers. 
Attending business meetings, taking minutes and disseminating information.

Education 

BSc (hons) Psychology, Staffordshire University, UK                                                                                    2022 

Level 6: Final year project, Conference presentation, Cyberpsychology, Health psychology, Typical and Atypical 
development, Children and pictures and Psychological intervention. 

 
 
 
ISHA RAI SYAL 

Level 5: Cognitive and Biological determinants of Behaviour, Understanding Social World, Psychology of Crime, 
Contemporary issues in Psychology, and Further Research Methods. 

Level 4: Foundation of Psychology, Perspectives in Psychology, People behaving badly, Comparative basis of 
Behaviour, and Introduction to Research Methods.                                                                                                                            

Twelfth, Army Public School, Patiala, Punjab, India                                                                                          

Geography, Economics, English, Physical Education and Psychology.                                                       68.2% 

Tenth, Army Public School, Patiala, Punjab, India                                                                                            

Mathematics, Science, Punjabi, English, Hindi, and Social Studies.                                                            68.4% 

Skills and interests 

Language skills - English, Punjabi and Hindi all spoken and written.  
Communication – developed excellent verbal and written communication skills – face to face conversations, telephone 
inquiries and professional emails. 
Ability to write reports. 
Problem solving. 
Ability to reach deadlines. 
Ability to work under pressure. 
Teamwork & leadership - working as a student academic representative for my course enhanced my leadership 
qualities. 
Interests – cooking, reading, listening to music and dancing. 

References  

References available upon request. 

 
 
