Jaskirat Kaur

EDUCATION

Narsee Monjee Institue Of Management
Studies, Mumbai.
Post Graduation In Management-
Operations Management.
January 2021- 2023

London School of Trends
Diploma - Luxury Brand Management
2018-2019

Amity University - Noida
Bachelors in Business Administration -
International Business 3 Continent
Programme.
2015-2018
WORK EXPERIENCE 

Social Media Manager - House of Mankaa
LLP, Delhi.
Feb 2021- November 2021
My responsibilities as a social media manager were to Develop
Implement and manage social media strategies
Generate, Edit and Publish engaging Content
Monitor consumer Trends
Handle CRM
Plan and oversee all paid social media campaigns including
bloggers/influencer 
Provide constructive feedback.
Key Achievements-Got featured in Bubble Tv as gifting partner for
TV actress Rashmi Desai.
Launched Valentine Initial Jewellery Collection.

Editorial Head- Moguls Of Luxury 
Dec 2018- Jan 2021
My responsibilities as an editorial head were 
Creative Thinking
Client Interactions
Design product launch / Marketing Campaign for clients,
Manage shoots,Design layouts  
Key Achievements- Designed Marketing Campaign for Tiffany
and Co in Delhi, Glenfiddich, Mirrari jewels.
Covered Lotus Fashion Week 
Designed and executed a campaign called- "Leaders who run
the world"
Featuring all the leading Celebrity Designers-
Nikhita Tondon,Jatin Malik,Siddhart Tytler,Pallavi Mohan,

CONTACT

9576503000

jjaskirat@gmail.com

PROFILE

Innovative, creative and professional.
Specialised in Digital Marketing for Luxury
Industry with 2+ years of experience.
Always ready to learn new things.  I am a
cheerful, ambitious and resilient person. A
team player who believes in achieving
milestones working with a team.

CERTIFICATES  
&
ACHIEVEMENTS

Human Values and community
outreach- Rotract Club Faridabad
Study Abroad programme- Amity
London
Study Abroad Programme - Amity USA
Vice president placement committe
Amity University
Certificate of appreciation for
"Contribution in Institution buliding"

Jaskirat 
Kaur

CONTACT

9576503000

jjaskirat@gmail.com

I am a dedicated management student with a keen interest to explore all the domains of
management. I started my journey with customer relation management as an intern and later
decided to specialise in Luxury brand management. With an experience of 2+ years in
branding & marketing after excelling in that field i had the urge for higher education and
hence, did my masters in operations management to acquire knowledge and participate in
more flourishing opportunities.

I had the opportunity to travel abroad for my education and complete my graduation with the
international branches of Amity university in London and New York. With this exposure i
acquired a skill of how to adjust, un-learn and re-learn in the given environment. 

I have undertaken projects where designing the content for a particular brand, quality of the
content/product, how the product will be displayed, strategies for scope of improvement in
the output if required, how well it will fit in the consumers mind and to understand consumer
market and trends were my key responsibilities. 

I am applying for this job so that i get a chance to learn something new and grow as a
professional. I will leave no stone unturned for the progress of the organisation and the team.
I believe learning is the only way to grow as a person and a professional. 

Thank You for your time and consideration. I look forward to hear from you. 

