Kalyan Teja Kamisetty 
Email:kalyanteja765@gmail.com | 
Mobile No: +91 7989652302 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 

Having 5+ years of relevant experience in the SEO domain where I can leverage my expertise in optimizing online 

content, conducting comprehensive keyword research, and implementing effective link-building strategies. 
Dedicated to staying abreast of industry trends. 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

1 SEO analyst - Sumadhura Infracon Private Linited 

From Sep 2024 to Present 

  Optimized global brand performance in organic search engine results. Implemented 301 redirects when 

needed to preserve link equity from old pages or domains. 

  Tested new features on the site before launch to ensure they were properly optimized for SEO purposes. 
  Conducted keyword research to identify target keywords for optimization. 
  Analyzed backlink profiles using Ahrefs or other backlink analysis tools. 
  Established core metrics for projects based upon client needs. 
  Analyzed website performance, including page speed and mobile responsiveness, to optimize user experience. 
  Provided recommendations on how to improve the overall SEO strategy based on findings from analyses. 
  Executed SEO functions such as keyword research, data collection, link optimization and site auditing. 
  Monitored rankings of target keywords using various analytics tools. 
  Performed link building activities such as directory submission, article writing and submission, blog 

commenting and social bookmarking. 

2 SR SEO EXECUTIVE - Trident Media Works 

From Aug 2022 to July 2024 

ROLES & RESPONSIBILTIES 

  Conduct comprehensive keyword research to identify high-traffic, low-competition keywords. 

Optimize website content, meta tags, heading tags, images, and URL structure. Heading tags, images, and URL 
structure. 
Implement link building campaigns, and also increase domain authority and SEO organic traffic by an average of 20%. 

 
  Prepared a monthly basis SEO blog content plan and prepared blog topics and keywords. 
  Monitor and analyze website organic traffic using tracking tools, such as Google Analytics and Google Search 

Console. 

  Conduct a technical SEO audit on a monthly basis to identify major SEO technical issues, prepare a report to resolve 
the major technical issues, such as broken links, sitemaps, schema, canonicals, page speed loading, and core web 
vitals. 

  Collaborate with content creation team to ensure Best SEO Practices to implement the SEO optimized content to 

bring better organic rankings 

  Preparing a monthly SEO audit report to analyze the organic traffic, keyword ranking position, clicks, and 

impressions CTR percentage. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Also we are using tools like SEMRUSH, AHREFS to find keywords for content and to get competitor analysis to find 
website audit issues, Backlinks and referring domain also to check spammy backlinks percentage to disavow the 
spammy backlinks. 

3 Digital Marketing Executive - Cherlik solutions Private limited 

From Oct 2019 to Aug 2022 

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES 

  Backlink Analysis of Competitors - Quality of backlinks, quality of pages, and links are placed on collecting 

quality-related sites from Competitors 
Tools used: SEMrush, Ahrefs 

  Competitive Analysis - Viewing top Competitor sites for Target Keywords. 
  Checking Optimization Techniques applied Analyzing backlinks and outbound links and strategies used to gain 

Traffic 

  Analysis Reports - Website Analysis, Competitive Analysis, Complete Business Analysis 

Keyword Analysis - Google Keyword Planner, Word Tracker, Uber Suggest, SEMrush, Ahrefs, Google Manual 
Suggestion. 

  Assist in setting up and managing paid campaigns like Google and Meta ads 
  Monitor and optimize campaign budgets and performance. 
  Create ad copies, keyword lists, and ad extensions. 
  Frequently Optimizing  the quality score, clicks, impressions, conversion rate. 
  Collaborate with content writers to develop SEO-friendly and engaging content. 

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: 

  Backlink Analysis of Competitors – Quality of backlinks, quality of pages, and linksare 

placed on collecting quality-related sites from Competitors.
Tools used: Semrush, Ahrefs. 

  Competitive Analysis – Viewing top Competitor sites for Target Keywords.
  Checking Optimization Techniques applied Analyzing backlinks and outboundlinks 

and strategies used to gain Traffic.

  Analysis Reports – Website Analysis, Competitive Analysis, Complete Business 

Analysis.

  Keyword Analysis – Google Keyword Planner, Word Tracker, Uber Suggest, 

Semrush, Ahrefs, Google Manual Suggestion.

SEARCH ENGINE OPTIMIZATION SKILLS: 

ON-PAGE OPTIMIZATION: 

  Meta Tag Optimization
  Optimizing websites by Analyzing Clients Individual Web Pages using Duplicheker, 

Copyscape for Refreshing Content

  Keyword Optimization
  Title Tag Optimization
  Keywords Density Analysis
  Complete Website Analysis Includes
  Text to HTML ratio, Website Loading Speed, Site Navigation Structure, Creating Alt 

tags,Title tags for Images.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Toolsused: SEOptimer, Screaming frog, iwebchk.com 
  Creating Google friendly Internal Url’s

  Url Canonicalization Creation using access code
  Creating 401,301 Redirects upon Requirements
  Solving Google crawl errors in webmaster
  XML Sitemaps Creation
  Robots.txt Creation

OFF-PAGE OPTIMIZATION: 

  Directory Submissions
  Social Bookmarking in high PR sites
  Profile Creation in Relevant Forums and Effective interaction to get Permanent Backlinks
  Blog Commenting
  Classified Submissions
  Guest Blogging
  Article Submissions
  Press Release Submission
  Search Engine Submissions
  PDF sharing.

Google Webmaster Tools: 

  Analyzing Backlinks, Sitemap Updation and Solving crawl errors.

Google Analytics: 

  Creating Weekly and Monthly Visitor Analytics Reports and Checking Bounce Rates
  Creating Goals
  Creating Audience Acquisition, Behavior Reports
  Setting up Accounts, Properties, and Views
  Creating Dashboards by Combining Individual Reports Tracking Real-time Overview 

Local SEO

  Optimized Google Business Profiles and local listings to increase visibility in map packs and local search results 

Conducted geo-targeted keyword research and implemented on-page SEO strategies for city-specific landing 
pages. 

  Monitored local SEO performance using Google Analytics and GBP Insights, delivering monthly reports with 

actionable insights. 

Certifications: 

  Advanced Google analytics certification from Udemy - Issued on Jan 2025 
  Google Analytics Certification from Skill Shop Platform- Expires on Jan 2026 
  Google My Business Certification from Udemy Platform - Issued on Dec 2024 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

  MBA at NARAYANA ENGINEERING COLLEGE, GUDUR in the year 2019. 

  B.sc at Krishna Chaitanya Degree College, Nellore in the year 2016. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 

Date of Birth 
Gender 
Marital status 
Languages Known   :  English, Telugu

 21-11-1995. 
: 
 : 
   Male 
 :  Unmarried 

 
DECLARATION: 

I hereby declare that the details above are correct and true to the best of my knowledge. 

Your’s sincere, 
Kamisetty Kalyan Teja. 

 
 
 
 
