Michelle Molefe

S E O   A n a l y s t / D i g i t a l   P R   S p e c i a l i s t / V A

Proactive  Humanities  Studies  graduate  who  has  exceptional  Digital  PR,  SEO,  and
Administration skills with the ability to learn and adapt quickly. A great communicator
who's  Enthusiastic  about  developing  others  to  build  knowledge-sharing  skills.  Looking
for an opportunity to apply myself and gain experience while continually furthering my
knowledge and gaining invaluable skills in a professional environment.

Experience

2022 November - PRESENT
Organic Growth Marketing l Remote
Digital PR Specialist
A Digital Marketing Agency that assists SAAS companies. I was responsible for

cultivating  new  relationships  while  maintaining  existing  ones  with  our

connections.  Conducting  research  to  improve  our  link-building,  marketing

strategies, and outreach campaigns. Creating Month over Month and Quarterly

reports  that  analyze  the  performance  of  our  campaigns  and  marketing

strategies  for  clients.  Conducting  keyword  research  to  help  optimize  clients'

pages and improve rankings on SERPs. Analyzing and auditing the clients' sites

and conducting competitor analysis.

2019 SEPTEMBER - 2022 OCTOBER

Coalition Technologies l Remote
SEO Analyst & Link Builder
In  this  role,  my  responsibilities  encompassed  a  range  of  tasks  to  optimize

clients'  websites  and  drive  organic  growth.  This  included  conducting  SEO

technical  audits,  optimizing  website  performance,  performing  keyword

research,  analyzing  competitors,  building  link  profiles,  executing  effective

outreach  strategies,  and  managing  PPC  campaigns.  I  collaborated  with  clients

and  cross-functional  teams  to  ensure  smooth  workflows  and  timely  execution

of  tasks,  using  various  platforms  for  accurate  documentation  and  progress

tracking. My goal was to enhance clients' online presence, drive targeted traffic,

and  maximize  their  digital  marketing  success  through  strategic  SEO  practices,

link building, and PPC management.

2021 MAY - 2021 SEPTEMBER
Amazing AT Home l Remote
Assistant Social Media Manager & Copywriter

A consulting agency that helps people open up FBA businesses and how to run

them.  I  was  responsible  for  creating  graphics  using  Canva.  Researching  quality

blogs  for  outreach  and  guest  posting  opportunities.  Creating  captions  for  SM

uploads  and  proofreading  them  before  scheduling  and  posting.  Writing  &

proofreading   blog  posts.  Conducting  SEO  keyword  research,  and  reaching  out

to blogs to get featured on HARO opportunities.

Software
Ahrefs
Google Search Console
Screaming Frog
Semrush
Google Analytics
Moz
G-Suite
BuzzStream
Google AdSense
Facebook Business Suite

Slack
Notion
Asana
ClickUp
Basecamp
Hubspot
Wordpress
Divi
Wix
Drupal

Contact

Phone
+27844873005

Email
michellekelebogile@gmail.com

Address
Pretoria, South Africa

Education

2019
BA Humanities
University of Pretoria

2020
PGCE
University of Pretoria

Expertise

SEO & Keyword Research

HTML & CSS

Customer Service

Research and  Data Analysis

Organic Outreach

Digital PR & Link Building

PPC

Social Media Management

Project Management

Email Marketing

Language

English

