Kondepudi chakravarthi              

Chakravarthi   

  DevOps Engineer 

Email:kondepudichakravarthi123outlook.
com 
Mobile no: 6304062885 

                                                   Location   : Andhra pradesh 

Genix Technologies.hyderabad     

 DevOps Engineer , september 2021 – Present(2yearsexperience)                    

 •  A competent DevOps/AWS Engineer with 2 

year in Genix technologies. hands-on experience in automating and optimizing 
mission critical deployments over infrastructure.  

•  Responsible for implementation of branching methodologies.  
•  Creating branches, tags and maintaining source code at the administration    
level.  
•  Extensively worked with Version Control System GIT.   
•  Having good implementation Knowledge on Continuous integration tools 
JENKINS.  
•  Experience in creating master-slave setup for Jenkins.  
•  Excellent knowledge in creating environment setup using DOCKER.  
• Experience in creating development, testing, production environments using 
docker compose.  

 
 
                                                                                                                                           
 
 
 
•  Having good knowledge on creating customized docker images based on 
organization requirements using Docker files.  
•  Knowledge on kubernetes.  
•  Strong knowledge in remote management of servers using Configuration 
management tool ANSIBLE.  
•  Assist team members in build deployment receiving and running builds and . 
troubleshooting issues to improve efficiency.  
•  Hand-on experience in writing Ansible Playbooks.                                                         
•  Managing amazon web service infrastructure with automation using 
Terraform/cloudformation.  

• Proficient in AWS services like VPC, EC2,S3,ELB,AutoScalingGroups(ASG 

•  Experienced in creating multiple VPC’s and public, private subnets as per 
requirement and distributed them as groups into various availability zones of the 
VPC. 
•  Created S3 buckets in the AWS environment to store files, sometimes 
which are required to serve static content for a web application.  
•  Possess good knowledge in creating and launching EC2 instances using AMI’s of 
Linux, Ubuntu, and Windows and wrote shell scripts to bootstrap instances.  
•  Used IAM for creating roles, users, groups and also implemented MFA to 
provide additional security to AWS accounts and its resources.  
•  Implemented domain name service (DNS) through route 53 to have highly 
available and scalable applications.  
•  Maintained the monitoring and alerting of production and corporate servers 
using Cloud Watch service.  
•  Created EBS volumes for storing application files for use with EC2 instances 
whenever they are mounted to them.  
• Experienced in creating RDS instances to serve data through servers for 
responding to requests. 
•  Created snapshots to take backups of the volumes and also images to store 
launch configurations of the EC2 instances.   
•  Written Templates for AWS infrastructure as a code using Terraform to build 
staging and production environments. 

 SKILL SET : 
           Version control tool 

                Git , Github   

  
                                                                                                                  
 
                  CI/CD Tool  
          Infrastucture creation Tool  
                      OS 
     CONTAINERIZATION Tool 
                CM Tool 
   CONFIGURATION MANAGEMENT Toll 
       CLOUD TECHNOLIGIES 
EDUCATION: 

         ● B.com - AKNU rajahmundry 
Project : 1 

                           Jenkins 
                        Terraform  
              Linux&windows  
                        Docker  
                  Kuberneties  
                   Ansible 
                     AWS , Azure  

 Project Name                    : Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) Group 

 Environment                      : Java  

Application Server            : Tomcat  

Versioning Control Tools : GIT  

 CI Tool                               : JENKINS 

 Role                                   : Terraform administrator. 

 Client : Barclays 

 Role    : Build & Release Engineer. 

 Synopsis: The Toronto-Dominion Bank is a Canadian multinational banking and financial services 
corporation headquartered in Toronto. Here we have multiple banking applications for build and 
deployment.I have been supported for both core and non-core banking applications for the release 
management process. 

 Roles and Responsibilities: • Driving industry best practice implementation around CI/CD and 
infrastructure management            

•            Written manifests to customize the Ansible as per our environment.  

•           Manage the configurations of multiple servers using Ansible.  

•           Integrated the Ansible playbooks with Jenkins.  

•            Having good exposure in Jenkins for CI (Continuous Integration).  

•           Administered version control system that included  branching and merging .        

 
 
•          Responsible for creating and developing the build process environment.  

 •          Hands-on experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS) provisioning and good knowledge of  

           AWS services like EC2, Elastic Load-balancers, S3, RDS,Route53, IAM, Elastic Search. 

 •         Launching Amazon EC2 Cloud Instances using Amazon Web Services (Linux/ Ubuntu) and                                 
configuring launched instances with respect to  specific  applications.  

•         Defined AWS Security Groups which acted as virtual firewalls that controlled the traffic allowed  

           reaching one or more AWS EC2 instances 

 •         Hands-on in writing the Docker files for building images                                                          

•           Containerizing applications with Docker  

•          Developing build and deployment pipelines using Jenkins, Maven for Java applications Strong  

            working knowledge on GIT. 

•           Following SCRUM (SDLC) model. 

Project: 2   

 E-Commerce online shopping Application-Jio Mart  

Service Line/Areas : K8s MicroService Application creation and deployment  

Role : k8s Administrator/Dev  

Client : Cultmode 

 Project Description:  

  Jio mart is an Indian online grocery delivery service as a joint venture between Reliance Retail and     Jio 
platforms .jio mart delivers grocery and daily essentials from nearby stores.  

Roles and Responsibilities:  

           ●      Provide the solution to create my application with microservices base architecture.  

           ●     Responsible for creating a Git Repository setup for our Development team.  

          ●     Responsible to create a Kubernetes Cluster and Manifests files like Deployment and Services  

          ●     Configured the flow of CI and CD via Jenkins and setup the environment with the Dockerfile.  

         ●       Involved into the planning to take the decision to choose a CI and CD for our application. 

         ●      Configured the Docker based application and Deployment users as per business Requirements.                         
●      Responsible for configuring Jenkins Job for the Requirement. 

                                                                    
 
         ●       Invented better ways to use Jenkins application for CI and CD.  

        ●        Documented the full process of Automation and provided the KT to the QA team to use       

                    Jenkins Job. 

        ●         Participated in on-call rotation to han ndle production outage incidents. 

            PERSONAL SUMMARY 

             Good Communication Skills,Cooperate with Team members,Maintain a Healthy and Safety                                   
Environment & Quick Learner, Adaptability to different environments,Hard working nature and                      
friendly nature & Self motivated,Work freely under pressure 

 PERSONAL PROFILE Name : k.chakravarthi 

 Father Name                        : k.srinu 

 Gender                                  : Male  

Languages Known                : English and Telugu.  

Mobile no                               : + 91 6304062885. 

 DECLARATION  

I hereby declare the above particulars are true to the best of my knowledge. 

 PLACE:  

DATE:                                                                                                                                    ( K.chakravarthi 
)                                                                                                                                                                                           

 
 
 
 
 
 
