Lakshya Kumar 

Email: kumarlakshya.1909@gmail.com 

Mobile: 9811255350 

Address: Maruti Vihar, Gurgaon (HR) - 122002 

I have been engaged in results-driven SEO activities with 6 years of experience. I performed 
as  a  core  team  member  in  developing  and  implementing  successful  SEO  strategies  to 
increase organic traffic, improve search engine rankings, and drive business growth. 

Working in the SEO and Content industry for the past 6 years, I have developed a 
comprehensive set of skills that allow me to optimise websites, improve search engine 
rankings, and drive organic traffic growth. 

●  Keyword Research & Analysis 
●  On-Page SEO 
●  Off-Page SEO 
●  Artificial Intelligence 
●  Content Optimization 
●  Technical SEO 
●  Competitor Analysis 
●  Saas Marketing 
●  Semrush, Screaming Frog, Ahrefs 

●  Local SEO 
●  SEO Audits 
●  Data Analysis 
●  SEO Reporting 
●  WordPress SEO 
●  Team Handling 
●  HTML/CSS Basics 
●  Content Writing 
●  SERP Rank Tracking 

Organisation: Vincit Software PVT LTD. 
Duration: Nov 2021 to Present 
Role: Promoted to Senior SEO Executive 

Role & Responsibility :- 

●  Manage complete SEO operations (on-page & off-page) for a SaaS platform to 

improve organic rankings and traffic. 

●  Develop and execute SEO strategies based on keyword research, trends, and 

competitive insights. 

●  Update & optimizing web page titles, website content, meta tags, headers etc for better 

search engine rankings. 

●  Track and analyze SERP rankings, CTR, traffic, and user behavior using Google 

Analytics & Search Console. 

●  Perform SEO audits and fix technical SEO issues to enhance crawlability and site 

performance. 

●  Guide daily content publishing and ensure optimization aligned with SEO best 

practices. 

●  Lead a team of 5-6 members, including SEO specialists and content writers, with 

strategic direction. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
●  Conduct backlink outreach and collaborate with authority brands for guest posting 

opportunities. 

●  Oversee social media team to ensure SEO and content strategies are aligned across 

platforms. 

●  Use tools like SEMrush, Ahrefs, and GTM for tracking, reporting, and implementing 

tracking codes. 

●  Monitor competitors and explore white-hat techniques to gain a ranking edge. 
●  Regularly generate SEO performance reports and share insights with key 

stakeholders. 

Projects: 
https://www.gadgetany.com/ 
https://leapstore.co/ 

 
 
Organisation: Bansal Travels 
Duration: June 2021 to Nov 2021 
Role: SEO Executive 

●  Creating backlinks for dedicated websites to get better visibility and traffic 
●  Successfully got ranked few of the most difficult keywords 
●  Maintaining reports of the On-Page SEO reports of the websites 
●  Tracking SERP ranking of the keywords 

Projects Worked: 

●  Bansaltravels.com  
●  K2tickets.com 

Organisation: Neotas Ltd 
Duration: Nov 2020 to Feb 2021 
Role: Social media research analyst 

Role & Responsibility:- 

●  Social media screening of various people using tools and techniques. 
●  Performing ORCA (Online Reputation Content Analysis) on people’s online presence 

and content they post on their profiles. 

Organization: B. Katyayan Publication Pvt Ltd. 
Duration: Jan 2018 to Feb 2020 
Role: Digital Content Writer 

Role & Responsibility: - 

●  On-Page-Content Writing: Creating content for On-Page SEO optimization like meta 

title and description. 

●  Off Page Content Writing: Creating content for off page like, blog, article, and 

classified, short description. 

●  Created and posted news for Discuss India portal. 
●  Creating astrological blogs, Product description, write show script for Acharya Indu 

Prakash (India TV Astrologer) website. 
●  Handling YouTube Channel (Discuss India) 
●  Off Page submission – social sharing, classified posting, article sharing, video sharing, 

handling YouTube video tags. 

●  Update songs and Bollywood news, reviews on Radio Dhishum 
●  Product update on Amazon portal. 

PROJECTS: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
https://www.bkatyayanpublication.com/ 
http://www.acharyainduprakash.com/ 
http://astroeshop.com/ 
http://www.gyanvanimagazine.com 
http://www.navyuvakdal.com/ 
http://www.discussindia.in/ 
http://www.radiodhishum.com/ 
http://www.alternativemedicarecenter.com/ 

Organisation: Pink Frog Holidays 
Duration: Sept 2016 to Dec 2017 
Role: English Content Writer 

●  Wrote content on travel packages of the clients for emails and websites. 

●  Digital Marketing Course from DIDM 
●  On Page SEO, Off Page SEO, Local SEO Certifications from SEMRush 

●  Completed Bachelor in Arts from Delhi University in 2022. 
●  Diploma in Civil Engineering from Haryana State Board of Technical Education in 

2015. 

●  Passed Secondary Education from CBSE Board from NIOS (National Institute of Open 

Schooling) in 2017. 

●  Passed Higher Education from CBSE Board in 2012. 

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge 
and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned. 

(Lakshya Kumar) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
