Lakshman Thodla  
laksh211in@gmail.com   
Contact: 91-9642609090 
302 Srikar apartments street no. 08 Tarnaka Hyderabad 500017  

OBJECTIVE 

To deliver value in every role in which I perform and provide the highest client through process 
improvement and operational excellence. I have worked in the content writing and editing domain 
for content management. Looking for a remote WFH role due to health reasons. 

Key content skills. 

Writing web content on varied domains as per client requirements. Excellent verbal and written 
communication skills, with over 4+ years of content development for web sites. Also learned to 
write for social media posts for clients. 

SUMMARY OF EXPERTISE:  
2000-2006 
Freelance content writing and editing 
I worked as a freelance content writer for English content websites and was working from home 
due to personal and family reasons. 

NE TECHNOLOGIES 

June-2005-May-2006 

Worked as a technical writer at  
Updating and creating documents for US-based clients in Atlanta and formatting them as per 
company standards for corporate users. Providing support through technical documentation for end 
users using various tools like Word and Adobe tools. 

KEY FACTOR SOLUTIONS 
August-2007-October-2009. 

Content Editor 
I worked as a content editor for 2 years to help edit and streamline content for Adayana 
Automotive Limited, who was the client. Worked actively with the team, guiding them in 
preparing documentation material on par with client requirements. 
Interfaced with the client on a daily basis to understand requirements, take feedback, and get 
improvements done as required. Implemented feedback cycles as needed to deliver high quality 
documentation. 

 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SUVARNA TECHNOSOFT 
November-2010-December-2011  

Content writer. 
I as a content writer and helped develop content for websites and also for various product 
brochures and marketing aids for hospital management systems and helped to deliver value with 
product documentation and website content for clients 

HSBC EDPI 
February-2012-March-2013 
Worked as a Customer Service Executive in HSBC EDPI in the resourcing process, servicing 
candidates from the UK. Role Involves various types of email communications and day-to-day 
application processing of candidates based on specific criteria and parameters with a strictly 
defined SLA. My responsibilities also include work distribution and report generation for daily 
work allotment within the team. I also undertook training of various team members in the given 
process to make them proficient in their process skills. 

GENPACT INDIA 
August-2013-September-2019 

Worked as a Technical Associate in Genpact for GE IT Process and supported end users of GE in 
various areas of technical troubleshooting and system maintenance with effective trouble ticket 
management to meet SLA parameters. Role involves handling end-user IT queries through voice 
and chat media and ensuring quick resolution and escalation of tickets as required depending on 
the severity of the issue while meeting the highest customer service quality standards. 

Nov-2021-April-2022  

TEAM LEASE DIGITAL 
Contract role. -Technical Support 

Technical support at team lease on their payroll for Dell Australia supported voice and chat-based 
support for international clients. 

Nov 2021-March 2024 

VINIL IT SERVICES 
Senior content writer 

Working as a senior content writer for Vinil IT Services. Designed content for the portal and wrote 
content for social media and websites as per client requirements. Wrote over 15 client websites and 
blogs in the span of 8 months. 

 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            STRENGTHS 

Honest, hardworking with a desire for gaining knowledge in the work area through 
interaction with other professionals and developing a friendly and professional work 
environment around 
Ability to understand and comprehend complex data and consolidate the same in a simple 
manner, which was used in the preparation of marketing collateral and product information 
web pages for clients. 
Sincere and hardworking and strict adherence to SLA timeliness and finishing the work in 
the given time. 
Ability to handle high volumes under pressure and deliver results. 
Capable of training team members on various skills and processes that I have learned to 
help them grow and improve. 
Good communication skills in both written and verbal mediums to effectively communicate 
with stake holders. 
Capable of delegating work based on various business requirements and helping my team 
improve its productivity. 
Honest and dedicated in performing tasks and learning new education 

Completed a Bachelor of Commerce from Badruka College of Commerce and Arts, Kacheguda, 
Hyderabad, in the year 2000. 

SKILLS SUMMARY 
Operating Systems: Windows 95-Windows 10. Office Suite MS-Office. 
 Have a strong command over English language and expression and logical thinking, as I have  
worked in the technical support domain and content development for websites. 

Fathers Name: T.V. Ramana Rao 
Address: 302 Srikar apartments, Street Number-08 Tarnaka, Secunderabad-500017 
Telangana, India  

Projects. 

Worked on 15 client websites so far and wrote web content for different domains like medical, 
catering, and business websites as needed. 

Written this entire site with guidance of MD 
https://vinilitservices.com/index.html 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
worked here and wrote this site. 
https://suvarna.co.in/ 

wrote for this client and many more. 
https://drswathiwomensclinic.com/ 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
