Leonisë Devaja 
Address: Marie Shllaku/Gjilan 60000, Kosovo 

Mob: +383 (0) 43 877 699 Email Adress: leonisedevajaa@gmail.com 

EDUCATION 

2024 

Currently studying Law, “Kadri Zeka” university, Gjilan. 

2019  
                                    natural sciences. 

Completed year 12, “Xhavit Ahmeti” High School, majored       

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY 

June 2019 – May 2020 – Sales Agent/Art Motion TV and Wi-Fi services 

•  Sold Internet, digital TV, IPTV/OTT, TV broadcasting 
services, enhancing customer access to a wide range of 
entertainment options. 
Interacted with costumers to handle complains and 
provide information about the company’s products and 
services. 

• 

•  Answered questions and requests from costumers. 
•  Explained products and services to persuade costumers 
to purchase or use services, provided product samples, 
coupons, informational brochures all meanwhile sold 
products being promoted. 

•  Kept records of those sales prospected and developed a 
costumer  pipeline  with  sales  calls,  new  business  sales 
demonstrations, 
customer 
integration. 

successful 

ensuring 

•  Managed  existing  client’s  relationships  and  delivered 
outstanding  customer  service  also  worked  towards 
expanding  visibility  of  the  company’s  brands  trying  to 
reach its popularity and advertising. 

July 2020 – November 2020-Merchandising Manager/ Uka Group Food Industry 

•  Analyzed sales data, customers reactions and market 

trends to anticipate product’s needs, collaborated with 
buyers, suppliers, distributors and analysts to negotiate 
prices and qualities. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
•  Planned  and  developed  merchandising  strategies  that 
balance 
companies’ 
expectations 
objectives,  tried  to  maximize  customer  interest  and 
sales levels by displaying products appropriately. 

customer 

and 

•  Build constructive customer relationships and team with 
channel  partners  to  build  pipeline  and  close  deals,  all 
along  working  with  sales  representatives  to  purchase 
the necessary product, and worked closely with byers to 
ensure that the company makes a profit. 

December 2020 – December 2021- Market Research/ Uka Group Food Industry 

to 

•  Conducting  market  research 

opportunities 

identify  new 
leads, 
client 
business 
and 
leadership 
to 
coordinating  with  company’s 
and  maintaining 
conduct 
beneficial relationships with clients, suppliers and 
other business partners. 

assessments 

risk 

•  Analyzed data and created reports to identify areas 

of business growth. 

•  Dedicated for business growth efforts on behalf of 
the  companies,  meanwhile  trying  to  improve  the 
products and services, as I previously already was 
in touch with costumers and products before. 
•  Through  implementing  creative  solutions  to  reach 
our  sales  goals  also  one  of  my  responsibilities 
were  to  make  sure  that  the  company  maintains  a 
competitive edge against competitors. 

February 2022 -May 2024- Cashier/ Ria Money transfer 

•  Processed and tracked global money transfers, 

ensuring accuracy and efficiency in sending and 
receiving funds. 

•  Utilized programs such as Pro-data, CRM, Capital-

KS to manage and process a wide range of payments, 
including subscriptions, utility bills, taxes and fines. 

•  Collected and filed bills throughout the day, 
organizing them for monthly record keeping. 
•  Balanced cashier drawers at the end of each shift, 

ensuring accurate cash handling and reconciliation. 

•  Coordinated daily cash collection and deposit 

transactions. 

 
 
 
  
June 2024 - August 2024 – Promoter (3 months of summer) Ipko 
telecommunication LLC 

•  Marketed  Wi-Fi  and  TV  packages 

to  potential 
customers,  increasing  service  subscriptions,  achieving 
sales targets. 

•  Provide clients with required information about the 

products. 

•  Marketed and sold SIM cards featuring advanced 5G 

network technology. 

•  Created and managed one-year contracts for internet and 

cable TV services for residential customers. 

2023-2024 - Sold Excel sheets for private clients (remote) 

•  Created customized Excel spreadsheets to assist clients in managing product 

sales and tracking inventory data within their stores. 

•  Designed Excel sheets for clients to share product selections with their 

customers, improving order accuracy and speed. 

•  Created Excel systems for clients to simplify cash register balancing and 

product data tracking, improving daily operations. 

DEMONSTRATED COMPETENCIES 

Inter-personal skills  

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

I am able to work as part of a team and/or independently  
I am able to work without supervision  
I understand written and verbal instructions  
I am able to follow directions and instructions to complete a task 
I have very good communication/ interpersonal skills – verbal & listening 
I am able to work in a fast pace environment and learn very quickly 

Great employability skills: 

•  Communication Skills & Customer Satisfaction 
•  Fast Learning & Adapting 
•  Team Working 
•  Problem Solving 
•  Practical Skills 
•  Technical Skills 
•  Social skills  

Technology computer skills: 

•  Microsoft Office; Word, PowerPoint & Excel 
• 
Internet Skills  
•  Research skills 

                                                      
 
 
 
 
