Lion Ali Ramadani 
Address: Muharrem Fejza, Prishtine 
Date of birth: May 27, 2000 
E-mail address: lionramadani123@gmail.com 
Phone number: +383 48 311 891 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

May 7th 2023 - Present 
On Call Prime L.L.C., 36 Norbert Jokl, Prishtina, Kosovo, 10000 

Quality Assurance / Estimator 

●  Review, and adjust estimates for the repair of homes damaged by sudden and accidental events 

(Hurricane, pipe burst, hail) 

●  Stay organized in a fast-paced work environment, managing multiple claims simultaneously 
●  Ensure each and every file is completed with perfection, and within the specific guidelines of the 

client before submitting it to the client 

●  Use estimating software like Xactimate to calculate the cost of repairs or replacements needed 
●  Verify the accuracy of data entry and information in property management systems like Xactimate 

and Xactanalysis 

●  Communicate with internal team members and external team members to request missing, or 

crucial information for the completion of a file 

●  Maintain accurate records of files completed/to be completed using Excel 
●  Support the training of new team members and provide ongoing guidance as needed 

September 16th 2021 - May 1st 2023 
Rubin Jewelry, Deshmoret e Kombit, Ferizaj, Kosovo 
Ring Manufacturing 

●  Melt the gold/silver 
●  Process it into rings 
●  Sand and polish the rings, ensuring little to no defects 
●  Verify the weight of the gold/silver 

11 November 2017 - 28 April 2021 
Canadian Tire, 65 Pinebush Rd Cambridge, Ontario, N1R 8P3 
Automotive Parts Sales 

▪  Sell products and/or services to repair the problem and meet the customer's needs. 
▪  Maintain customer goodwill by greeting and acknowledging all customers 
▪  Keep the parts department tidy and orderly. 
▪  Record all sales and/or customer transactions that occur. 
▪  Provide service technicians and customers with parts as required. 
▪  Maintain the retail sale floor and displays to meet or exceed the dealerships standards and 

today's customer satisfaction. 

▪  Control showroom inventory to ensure maximum sales and customer satisfaction. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
▪  Perform routine housekeeping tasks that maintain and enhances the cleanliness of products and 

the retail sales area. 

▪  Process cores, warranties, and new merchandise as required at a point of sale. 
▪  Attend training as prescribed by management to maintain and increase proficiency. 
▪  Use store/shop equipment and resources safely and proficiently. 
▪  Performs other tasks as required by the store managers. 
▪  Keep myself well groomed and clothed per the store/shop guidelines. 
▪  Verify receiving documents. 
▪  Follow up on shortages and expedite by reporting to managers. 
▪  Assist in handling customer complaints and concerns and making sure the problem is corrected 

to the customers and stores satisfaction. 

▪  Greet customers immediately in a courteous manner. 
▪  Treat customers fairly and with honesty, and demonstrate our commitment to superior customer 

service and ethical business practices. 

EDUCATION 

High School 
Automotive Technician at Conestoga College in Guelph, Ontario 

Skills 
-  Mechanical repair  
-  Customer service 
-  Quality assurance 

Other skills 
-  Product sales 
-  Discipline 
-  Active listening 

Hobbies 

-  Snowboarding, long distance running, reading, thai boxing, cold showers, weight lifting 

 
 
 
 
 
