LUCY BARO
OUTREACH SPECIALIST

Gender: FEMALE

Email: barolucy5@gmail.com

Date of birth: DIPOLOG CITY, ZAMBOANGA
DEL NOTE

Phone: 09283104228

Website:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucy-baro-
3429342a9/

Address: Deca Homes, Brgy Calumpang,
General Santos City

EDUCATION

Gensantos Foundation College, Bachelor of Science in Accountancy

May 2004  -  June 2007

Studying economics, society and majoring accounting

International Computer Access Program, Inc., Computer Secretarial

June 2008  -  April 2010

Studying Information Technology, Google Suite, Microsoft Office

SKILLS

WORK EXPERIENCE

Appointment setter:

Organized Appointment Setter with excellent
problem-solving skills.

WORK FROM HOME, Cold Caller

JANUARY 2024  -  PRESENT

Lead Generation:

knowing how to attract and convert strangers and
potential prospects into someone who has indicated
interest in your company's product or service.

As a freelancer work from home cold caller, I tried to dialed several
campaign like solar and home improvement campaign, in B2C account. In
B2B, I dialed Merchant Cash Advance where I promoted and offered
additional cash loans to legitimate business owner for their business
expansion like purchasing trucks, computer, machineries and others.

Real Estate Sales:

ArCil Property & Services, Real Estate Salesperson

helping to meet in buying property

JANUARY 2022  -  PRESENT  AS PART-TIME

Interpersonal skill:

ldeeply understand every ones point of view

Negotiating skill:

excellent in problem solving and providing the
customer's satisfaction

Promoting real properties may high-end or low-cost housing, parcel of lots,
farms, condos, or even memorial plans from different developer and
private individual with legal documents that followed what the
government's amendment. Posting on social media. I have learnt how to
answer inquiries through messenger, email, phone and text.

Hanox Realty, Real Estate Salesperson

JULY 2014  -  DECEMBER 2021

Driving Skills:

encompass a wide range of abilities, from basic
vehicle handling to advanced techniques like
defensive driving and route planning, all crucial for
safe and efficient transportation.

Promoting real properties may high-end or low-cost housing, parcel of lots,
farms, condos, or even memorial plans from different developer and
private individual with legal documents that followed what the
government's amendment. Posting on social media. I have learnt how to
answer inquiries through messenger, email, phone and text.

Computer Literate:

Custard Apple Outsourcing, Inc., Outbound Sales Representative

Computer Literate:

proficiency in operating systems

MS Offices Literate:

categorized by application, to help you showcase
your proficiency in different areas:Microsoft Word:

Custard Apple Outsourcing, Inc., Outbound Sales Representative

DECEMBER 2014  -  JANUARY 2018

Spearheaded all sales activities and increased annual revenue by
60%”“Supervised a team of seven Customer Service agents and decreased
handling time by 20%”

HONORS & AWARDS

JANUARY 2018  -  SEPTEMBER 2018

Custard Apple Outsourcing, Inc., Data Entry Specialist

August 2016: Employee of the month-CAO

December 2017: Employee of the year-CAO

July 2019: top seller- HANOX REALTY

As an outbound sales representative for 3 years and a month, I have been
handled different outbound campaign such as auto insurance, solar, home
security and healthcare. In 3 years and a month, I learnt how to become an
appointment setter and a lead generation specialist.

REFERENCES

CERTIFICATIONS

2014: Rookie of the year -Bria Homes-HANOX
REALTY

Custard Apple Outsourcing, Inc - Operating Manager
Ms Emma Cabayaran
+639776563818
jmpcabayaran@gmail.com

© goodcv.com

