Mumbai
+91 9818413413
CHAURASIAMAHI6@GMAIL.COM

MAHI CHAURASIA

SKILLS

With a keen research interest, I have developed skills in report writing,
analysis of information, and data collection alongside critical thinking, and
analysis of the material. With multiple internships and work experience
throughout, I have honed my creative thinking skills, excelled in verbal and
written communication, and developed content writing and copywriting skills with
SEO optimization knowledge.

EXPERIENCE

Adviso, Remote — Website Content Writer

SEPTEMBER 2023 - OCTOBER 2023

●

●

Adviso is a comprehensive partner in the world of finance and business
solutions offering a bunch of services like Investment Banking,
Management Consultancy, etc.
My main job was to write content for Adviso’s website with SEO
optimization.

Plus- India’s first jewelry savings app, Remote — Copywriter/
Content Creator

AUGUST 2023 - SEPTEMBER 2023

●
●

India's first savings app for gold jewelry.
I was responsible for creating memes and writing long-form as well as
short-form content.

Decoralley, Delhi — Content Creation Intern

JANUARY 2022 - FEBRUARY 2022

●

An e-commerce platform that crosses all boundaries and connects artists
to buyers across the globe.

ENACTUS, SRCASW — Copywriter/ Content Writer

DECEMBER 2020 - DECEMBER 2021

●

●

An organization where sustainable solutions are created to modern world
problems.
Involved in the process of writing product descriptions, and creating
copy for the banners.

ICSSR project: Ecological Feminism of Indian Women, a
Comprehensive Study on Indigenous Practices for Sustainable
Development — Copywriter/ Content Writer

SEPTEMBER 2021 - SEPTEMBER 2022

●

This project gives a golden opportunity to connect with some great women
environmental conservationists. With the help of a dialogue series
conducted every Friday, a new insight is gained into the life of some
creative, passionate, and hardworking women.

Udayan Care — Research Intern

MAY 2022 - JULY 2022

●

The internship was based on research about how the residential care model
affects the physical and mental health of children so that appropriate
measures can be taken to improve mental health services in the future.
This research was conducted by the students of Duke University in
collaboration with Udayan Care.

EDUCATION

Shaheed Rajguru College of Applied Sciences For Women, DU — BA
(Hons) Psychology

2020- 2023, Delhi

Undergraduate in Psychology with honors from Delhi University. The main areas of
interest are research, clinical psychology, and social psychology.

