MAMOKOINIHI VERONICA KUENENE  
Email - mkuenene@gmail.com 

Dear Sir/Madam 

I  am  applying  for  the  outreach  specialist  position  advertised  on  search  engines.  I  am  a  self-

motivated  and  hard-working  digital  marketer  seeking  employment  in  an  environment  that 

requires analytical skills, creativity, problem-solving and general online marketing knowledge. I 

have  five  years of  experience  as  a  content  writer  in  the  following  niches:  lifestyle, education, 

astrology, health, real estate and many more. Due to my extensive experience working across 

multiple industries, I have good verbal and written communication skills. 

I have taken an email marketing course; therefore, I am aware of the terminology and nuances 

of  email  marketing  and  have  experience  with  platforms  such  as  Mailchimp  and  Sender.  In 

addition, I have extensive experience writing SEO-optimized content using keywords related to 

the  client’s  product  and  service.  I  also  know  Google  Analytics  and  various  SEO  tools  such  as 

Ahrefs, SEMRush, Moz, and Google Keyword Planner, which I use to conduct keyword research 

to produce SEO content and conduct SEO audits. I also have a working knowledge of link-building 

techniques to improve the website’s visibility on the result pages. 

I also have experience working as a content writer for a digital marketing agency, reducing long-

form texts from brochures and whitepapers into shorter articles. In my career, I have also been 

exposed  to  proofreading  and  editing  brochures,  writing  blog  articles,  and  writing  articles  on 

various  platforms  for  link  building  purposes.  I  also  publish  content  on  Medium  for  personal 

blogging. I am articulate and pay close attention to writing and proofreading details. In addition, 

due  to extensive  freelance  work  and  working  from  home,  I manage  my  time  well  and  always 

deliver work on time. 

Yours Faithfully 
Mamokoinihi Veronica Kuenene 

BD CREATIVE 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mamokoinihi Veronica Kuenene 
Digital Marketer 

PERSONAL INFORMATION    

        mkuenene@gmail.com  

        +27 65976 7356 

I am a hard-working, diligent digital marketer with 5 years of experience. I 
have worked on a lot of different projects, one of which was a fundraising 
campaign that raised 15% more money from donors than the year before. 
During this campaign, I was a content writer, a social media marketer, a 
video editor, and a designer for social media templates. 

SKILLS 

▪  Canva 
▪  Creative writing 
▪  Copywriting 
▪  SEO 
▪  Social Media Marketing 
▪  Email marketing 
▪  Google analytics 

ATTRIBUTES 

▪  Project management 
▪  People skills 
▪  Planning 
▪  Creativity 
▪  Problem solving 
▪  Organizational skills 

HOBBIES 

▪  Reading 
▪ 
Learning 
▪  Charity work 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

LEAD GENERATOR DIGITAL 
Digital Marketing Intern 
February 2023 – Present 

▪  Optimizing the client’s Google Business Profile for local search 
▪  Link building 
▪  Local SEO 

ACADEMIC CONTENT WRITER 
Berea Technical College 
November 2020 – Present 

▪  Producing content for higher education student in the faculty of built 

and engineering. 

DIGITAL MARKETING APPRENTICE 
Inkﬁsh Digital Marketing 
January 2019 – August 2019 

▪  Proofreading and editing blog post before publication. 
▪  Conducting content and SEO audit to check general site 

performance against the set KPIs.  

▪  Writing content for blogs in diﬀerent niches and for diﬀerent 

social media platforms. 

▪  Conduct keyword research and check the performance of the 

chosen keywords in website traﬃc and ranking. 

▪  Run SEO and content competitor analysis to check the performance of 

competing companies. 

BUILDING TECHNICIAN 
Master Services  
October 2012 – December 2013  

▪  Preparing engineering and architectural drawings using AutoCAD and 

ArchiCAD.  

▪  Prepared bill of quantities and construction schedule for construction 

projects.  

▪  Coordinating with building suppliers for the supply of building materials.  
▪  Coordinating with finance department to facilitate payment of labourers 

and suppliers. 

▪  Quantity take-off from drawings.  
▪  Plan and execute daily work on site.  
▪ 

Lead maintenance department for the enhancement or modification 
following through to their successful completion.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JUNIOR SITE FOREMAN 
Y Construction  
March 2012 – August 2012  

▪  Carry out survey work needed for construction projects.  
▪  General site supervision.  
▪  Setting out of structures  
▪  Fill in daily labourers attendance record and activity forms.  
▪  Ordering and following up on site material deliveries.  
▪  Supervising general building and concreting work.  
▪  Quality control.  

CAD TECHNICIAN 
United Consultancy Services  
February 2011 – February 2012 

▪  Preparing engineering drawings using AutoCAD  
▪  Assist in surveying work needed for the design and construction of Public 

Works projects.  

▪  Acts as an Inspector for construction work.  
▪  Drafted detailed drawings and plans for new sewer, stormwater and 

water supply system designs of Public Works project.  

▪  Quality control.  
▪  Compiled drawings and layout according to required media & 

specification.  

EDUCATION 

BIng Civil Engineering  
University of Johannesburg  
2014 - 2020  

Diploma in Construction Engineering  
Lerotholi Polytechnic 
2005-2010  

PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT 

▪  University of California, Davis’s Professional Certificate in Search Engine 

Optimization – Coursera (2020)  

▪  Facebook’s Professional Certificate in Introduction to Social Media 

Marketing - Coursera (2020)  

▪  Facebook’s  Professional  Certificate  in  Social  Media  Management  - 

Coursera (2020)  

▪  University of California, Davis’s Professional Certificate in Website 

Optimization Client Report Project – Coursera (2020)  

▪  University of California, Davis’s Professional Certificate in Advanced 
Content and social tactics to optimize SEO – Coursera (2020)  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
