MANOJ KANTHASAMY

Email Marketing Specialist 

+91 9976420175

manojapril98@gmail.com

Tiruppur

Summary

I’m a Email marketing specialist and experienced with all stages of creating dynamic dashboards. 
To secure a challenging position in a reputable organization to expand my learning, knowledge, and skills.
 In addition, I am interested in the Power BI platform and know how to create multiple dashboards using Excel,
SQL (basic), etc.

Education

Professional Experience

Kongu Engineering College, Erode.

Master of Computer Applications  - 2021

Email Marketing Specialist 
Staff Hub | Nov 2023 - Present

Kongu Arts and Science college, Erode.

Bachelor of  Science ( Computer Science)  - 2019

I specialized in social media mining using Apollo, Zoominfo and
other online portals, etc.

skills

Strong organizational and time-
management skills.

Ability to work independently and as part
of a team.

Detail-oriented and able to handle
multiple tasks simultaneously

Programming Languages: 
         Power BI
          SQL
          C
          CSS

1.
2.
3.
4.

Certifications

Data Visualization with Power BI
Certification.
Data Analytics workshop.

To gather data on companies email address information and also
taken all managers email addresses.

Also specailized in email software tools like mailchimp to
marketing bussiness.

Handle confidential information and documents with discretion
and maintain their proper organization

Market Reacher Analyst

Lessburn, coimbatore. | Oct 2021 - Aug 2023

Cooperate with reachers to create a clean dashboard and
simple, intuitive interactions and experiences.

I specialized in social media mining using LinkedIn,Twitter,
Facebook, and other online portals, etc.

To gather data on companies firmographic information
according to client requirements.

With two years worth of experience working in the market
research industry, I have proven a strong capacity to think
creatively when dealing with complex tasks in a fast-paced
environment.

Carry out quality assurance tests to discover errors and
optimize usability.

