  Mariyam Haniya 
    Student 

  +91 70936 34379 
  mhaniya75@gmail.com 
  Hyderabad, Telangana 500044 

Versatile Content Writer proficient in researching, writing and editing diverse content. Works with minimal 
input to produce engaging, authoritative and error free work. Autonomous yet communicative with a 
history of great performance in remote environments. Apart from the registered short- time work 
mentioned, ghost article writing, essay writing and blogging have also been some areas of expertise. 
Enthusiastic student eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and 
excellent organizational skills. Clear understanding of client communication and experience in technical 
support. Motivated to learn, grown and excel in every field. 

Skills 

  Proofreading 
  Creative Writing 
  Proficient in English Speaking and Writing 
  Editing Skills 
  Client Communication 
  MS Office 
  Technical Support 
  Problem Solving Skills 
  Patient Work Ethics 
  Peer-to-Peer Work 
  Flexible Work Hours 
  Editing Skills 

Work History 

1.  Content Writing Intern 

           Jan, 2021- Feb, 2021 

(Eagle Info Service, Work From Home) 

  Managed competing deadlines with efficiency. 
  Completed thorough research into assignment topics. 
  Gathered information from multiple sources and presented results. 
  Utilized exceptional writing, editing and proofreading skills for engaging and error free content. 
  Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed. 

  Reviewed and edited final copy for accuracy and oversaw all phases of production. 
  Devoted special emphasis to punctuality and worked to maintain outstanding attendance record. 
  Competed to work the most amongst other collegues. 

2.  Voluntary Worker 

Aug, 2019 – Sept, 2019 

(Mazher Hussain led NGO COVA, Hyderabad) 

  Greeted visitors, answered questions and assisted with individual needs or requests. 
  Assisted with event coordination and on-site support. 
  Helped in conducting awareness programs regarding social issues in government schools. 
  Assisted as the lead speaker in the main event. 
  Assisted senior chief guest with technical support in their environment of comfort. 
  Assisted staff with clerical work and other office tasks. 
  Received recognition and appreciation by a few guests on the main event (Sir A.K.Khan, Syeda Falak 

and other known personalities of Hyderabad) 

  Managed a large crowd of children and coordinated with them in a few activities. 

Education 
           Bachelor of Arts – LLB 

(Sultan ul Uloom College Of Law, Hyderabad, Telangana) 

            Intermediate – Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry 

(St. Ann’s College Of Women, Hyderabad, Telangana) 

           CBSE – 10th 

(Stepping Stones High School, Aurangabad, Maharashtra) 

           ICSE – 8th 

(Nsr School for Girls, Hyderabad, Telangana) 

Art Work (hobby) 
I have a small business of artwork. I make oil paintings, acrylic paintings, water color paintings and even sketches as 
per customer’s demands. I am passionate about art and am well known for my work. Personalities like Michael 
Angelo D’ Cruz and Nasheed Ali appreciate and own my artwork. 

 
 
