MARIYAM ZAIDI
EMAIL: mariyamzaiditab@gmail.com
PHONE:9165293779
ADDRESS: House No D-42 New Roy Gunj Sipri Bazar, Jhansi. Pincode- 284002

A conscientious and persistent graduate from Law College Dehradun, Uttaranchal University
with a proven track record of over 1 year in diverse internships, cooperating with various legal
firms, senior advocates and in-house organizations to learn from their expertise and gain valuable
knowledge adding to my legal experience.

Throughout my experience during my legal internships, I’ve worked on diverse topics relating to
assisting in checking details of a corporate entity from MCA portals, Assisted in drafting of
various documents like, commercial suit in relation to commercial disputes, agreements between
parties, complaints to labor authorities under Payment of Wages Act. Researched on diverse
topics and issues related to civil law, criminal law, corporate law, real estate and consumer laws.

A dynamic and result-oriented legal professional with a capacity to face and adjust with a
challenging legal environment with a positive attitude and a sense of respect towards my
colleagues, possessing keen attention to detail and a strategic mindset and leverage my legal
knowledge contributing to ethical and effective legal solutions.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Period

Course

Institution

2018-2023

B.A. LL. B

Law college Dehradun,
Dehradun

% / CGPA

7.42 CGPA

2016-2017

Intermediary

St. FRANCIS CONVENT,
JHANSI

76%

2002 -2016

Schooling

St. FRANCIS CONVENT,
JHANSI

81 %

ADDITIONAL ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS AND PUBLICATIONS

● Course on insolvency and Bankruptcy organized by Law College Dehradun.

PROJECT DETAILS

TITLE: Artificial Intelligence in Relation to International Commercial Arbitration

ROLE: Author

DURATION: 4 months.

TITLE: Research Paper on "International Commercial Arbitration with Reference to the
BALCO Judgement"

DESCRIPTION: Analysis of Law of Arbitration PRIOR and POST the BALCO Judgement.

ROLE: Author

DURATION: 6 months.

INTERNSHIPS

2018

Kailash Satyarthi Children Foundation Under the guidance of Miss Abza Bharadwaj.

• Detailed Research on the number of POCSO cases that were held in India and abroad

from January 2018 till April 2018.

2020

Interned with Deepesh Joshi and Associates, Bhopal. Leading Advocate, Jabalpur High Court.

• Worked on diverse cases relating to civil and criminal matters.

2021

Interned under senior Advocate and member of Supreme Court Bar association Mr. Vaibhav
Mahajan in Mahajan and Mahajan.

• Research on diverse topics and issues in criminal law, civil law, corporate law, arbitration

law, real and consumer laws.

•

Independently drafted an application for exemption from personal appearance of the
complainant in the complaint case.

• Assisted in checking details of a corporate entity from MCA portals.

• Assisted in drafting (including compilation of annexures, list of documents etc.) of a

commercial suit in relation to commercial dispute.

2022

Interned under senior advocate and Vice-President of Supreme Court Bar Associates Dr.
Pradeeprai.

• Researched on diverse topics and issues in criminal Law, civil Law, corporate Law, real

estate and consumer laws.

•

Independently drafted complaints to labor authorities under Payment of Wages Act.

• Researched on various provisions providing the benefit of default/ statutory bails to the

undertrials.

2023

Interned under senior Advocate and member of Supreme Court Bar association Mr. Vaibhav
Mahajan in Mahajan and Mahajan.

• Research on diverse topics and issues in criminal law, civil law, corporate law, arbitration

law, real and consumer laws.

2023

Interned in High Court under Hon'ble Justice Purushaindra Kumar Kaurav, made Case briefs and
Cause List.

Skills

● Contract and agreement drafting
● Communication and negotiation skills
● Business awareness
● Proficient in Ms-word, Excel
● Legal and business ethics
● Fair knowledge of the Companies Act, contract law, labor law.
● Proficient in Hindi and English.
● Risk management

MOOT COURT COMPETITION

•

Participated in Research and training programme (REAP) conducted by the moot
court society in Law college Dehradun.

NOTABLE PARTICIPATION

Participated in Model United Nation conferences held in SRGI college Jhansi.
Participated in national leadership summit law college Dehradun.

•
•
• Attended and reactively participated in the seminar conducted by Amar Ujala.
•

Participated in a seminar organized by FOOD, CIVIL SUPPLIES AND CONSUMER
PROTECTION DEPARTMENT, Government of UTTARAKHAND.
Participated in the workshop on insolvency and bankruptcy organized by Law college
Dehradun.

•

• Attended seminar on law and entrepreneurship conducted by Law college Dehradun.

SELF APPRAISAL: I can analyze complex legal issues, research effectively and communicate
persuasively and work collaboratively. I know how to channelize my energy in the right direction
and offer a progressive career path.

Declaration: I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true and correct to the best of
my knowledge and belief and I undertake to inform you of any changes therein, immediately.

Date:1/12/23
Place: Jhansi

signature: Mariyam Zaidi

