Mohammed Shoaib 
Bangalore - 560032 
E-mail: shoriz_mohammed@yahoo.com  
Mobile: +91 -9972311237 

EDUCATION: B.com from H.K.E.S College (Bangalore University). 

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS 

  Mortgage  industry  professional  with  loan-processing  experience  and  a  comprehensive  knowledge  of 

conventional and government loan programs. 

  Proficient in processing various types of mortgage applications, including conventional, FHA, VA, and USDA 

loans. 

  Expertise in reviewing and validating borrower documentation, including income, credit, and assets. 
  Thorough understanding of mortgage industry regulations, underwriting guidelines, and compliance standards. 
  Expertise titles, searching real estate records, and compiling a list of mortgage and other contracts. 
  Skilled in customer relationship management & Coaching. 
  Collaborative team player, capable of building relationships with colleagues, clients, and stakeholders. 
  Grooming, coaching and mentoring reporting agents by monitoring their performance and providing feedback 

on a regular basis- written and oral. 

WORK EXPERIENCE:  

Company: Nexval Infotech Pvt Ltd. 

Designation : SME 

Location : Bangalore 

Nexval provides comprehensive support functions across servicing value chain covers Core Servicing, Loss Mitigation, 
Default Operations, Complaint Research, REO Support, Records Management and Servicing QC and Audits. 

Work Profile: 

LOSS MITIGATION: 

Loan Modification / Short Sale  

Loan modification is a change made to the terms of an existing loan by a lender. It may involve a reduction in 
the interest rate, an extension of the length of time for repayment, a different type of loan, or any combination 
of the three. In a short sale, the process is initiated by the homeowner in order to get out of financial trouble. 
The owner must prove the extent of the financial distress through documents submitted to the lender. 

Responsible for efficiently managing the documentation and information necessary for Borrower Assistance 
Applications. Collaborate closely with SPOC, and various Dept.  Involved in the loss mitigation process to 
ensure accurate and timely processing of applications. and make informed decisions about modification 
applications. The Key responsibilities as follows; 

a.  Gathering of Borrower Information: - We collect all information documenting the hardships faced by 

the borrower. This information is duly verified and filed under the borrower’s profile. 

b.  Determining  Eligibility:  - A  due  diligence  with  the  borrower  is  completed  to  verify  furnished 
documents.  Based  on  verification,  the  eligibility  of  the  borrower  to  avail  loan  modification  is 
determined. 

c.  Submission of Loan Modification Terms: - All of the terms that a borrower is eligible to avail in the 
loan  modification  are  isolated  and  documented.  The  necessary  documents  are  forwarded  to  the 
underwriter. 

d.  Liaise with underwriters on Loan Terms: - We coordinate with underwriters to assist them in the loan 

modification decision. 

e.  Complete regulatory compliance with government loan modification rules and regulations. 
f.  Present offer to Borrower: - The modified term sheet containing the new terms of payment and loan 
tenure  is  forwarded  to  the  borrower.  They  are  given  a  detailed  understanding  of  the  terms  of  the 
modified loan. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
CORRESPONDENCE LENDING. 

Pre-purchase review/Loan Audit: 

Pre  purchase  reviews  are  an  essential  component  of  a  comprehensive  Quality  Control  program.  review 
and verify closed loans as required by major regulatory bodies such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA, 
VA, USDA/RHS, State Compliance and more. 

Audit Specialist assists the closing agent in the completion of all necessary post-closing tasks; 

a.  Review closed loan files to ensure all necessary underwriting loan approval conditions have been  

satisfied by an underwriter, processor, and closer. 

b.  Follow investor requirements for packaging and shipping complete files for purchase and obtain any 

trailing documents required by the investor.  

c.  Upload submission documents onto investor website prior to deadlines.  
d.  Communicate regularly and follow up with customers, title companies, secretary of state and  

colleagues on the status of all outstanding documents or loan packages.  

e.  Obtain necessary documentation to clear investor conditions and assure timely loan submissions. 
f.  Work with the accounting department to resolve any general ledger balancing issues and forward any 

necessary invoices/bills to be paid after verifying information.  

g.  Posting upfront mortgage insurance premiums for FHA, track and transfer servicing for mortgage  

insurance for conventional.  
Created a step by step departmental manual and checklists to assist with streamlining all post-closing 
procedures and all documentation required for the execution of all procedures 

CONSUMER AFFAIR/RESEARCH: 

Consumer affair is a key strategy to enable agents & departments to engage with their prospect base, connect 
and educate borrowers that are in the process of remain a consultative. My duties and responsibilities,  

a.  Review customer's correspondence in order to comprehend the nature of inquiry/complaint. 
b.  Carry  out  detailed  and  accurate  analysis  of  the  customer's  concern  and  provide  a  complete  and 

accurate response. 

c.  Coordinate with other Business Units to obtain data/details required to respond effectively and within 

TAT to customer correspondence. 

d.  Support the Research department by performing all processing and administrative duties to support 

the department. 

e.  Coach and support new joiners by providing process support and perform OJT (On-the-Job) training. 
f.  Assist writers in analysing the case and give direction for the expected resolution. 
g.  Keep the team updated with all process level changes and updates. 
h.  Maintain and track all the process level queries raised by respective team. 
i.  Produce Ad-hoc reports and perform duties as assigned by the department manager 
j.  Delight our customers through caring service and innovative homeownership solutions. 
k.  Automated clearing house request process. 

Company: First American (India) 

Designation : Sr. Process Associate 

Location : Bangalore 

First  American  provides  comprehensive  tile  insurance  protection  &  professional  settlement  services  for  homebuyers 
and  sellers,  real  estate  agents  and  brokers,  mortgage  lenders,  commercial  property  professionals,  homebuilders  & 
developers, The organization provides unparalleled support for the preparation and delivery of mortgage documents  

Work Profile:- 

TITLE SEARCH: 

Title  search  is  a  process  which  requires  thorough  examination  of  property  records  to  establish  ownership  of  the 
property  owner  in  question,  track  any  outstanding  mortgages,  liens, judgement and  unpaid  taxes  against  the 
property, the duties as  below, 

  Perform title examination to examine the chain of title for a wide range of title orders.  
  Analyze  various  records,  such  as  mortgages,  liens,  judgments,  easements,  vital  statistics,  plat  and     

map books, and property surveys to determine ownership and legal restrictions   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Reviewed abstract of title, tax, survey information (MAP) and other conveyance document. 
  Verify vesting to the title and determine legal condition of the property title and examined records. 
  Examine deeds, deeds of trust, liens, judgments, easements, and plats/maps to determine ownership, 

encumbrances, and to verify legal descriptions of property. 

  Analyzing the search package. Preparing the preliminary report. 
  Verify the documents through Data Trace, and pull PI and GI documents. 
  Analyzing the sub-ordinate mortgage, assignment, judgments & liens, taxes, foreclosures docs. etc. 
  Familiar with Title wave, data trace, data tree.+ 
  Effective use of FAST, DATA TREE, DATA TRACE, NETRONLINE etc. 

Company: ISGN Nova Soft 

Designation : Sr. Analyst 

Location : Bangalore 

The  organization  is  one  of  the  most  diverse  and  experienced  providers  of  mortgage  technology  and  services.  The 
industry leading solutions support the entire spectrum of the loan life cycle, from origination to settlement services, to 
support on core servicing, loss mitigation and home retention services.  

Work Profile:- 

LOAN ORIGINATION /  PROCESSING & PRE-UNDERWRITING: 

In general the mortgage processor checks and verifies the entire package as given by the lender & to make sure about 
the completion of data by investigating the loan application of borrower. 

a.  Reviewing and verifying loan applications and supporting documentation. 
b.  Analyse  credit,  income,  and  assets  on  a  loan-by-loan  basis  to  properly  assess  individual  risk,  and 

promptly provide underwriting decisions to underwriter. 

c.  Review  property  documentation  including  title  commitments,  sales  contracts,  insurance,  and  flood 

determinations, Appraisal, HOI, Credit report, financial documents. 

d.  Ensure  loan  submittals  met  internal  and  external  eligibility  requirements.  Gained  extensive 

experience in underwriting FHA, VA and Fannie Mae loans. 

e.  Assessing on the files and helping the broker’s with the approval of loans by following all the  

policies of Lender guidelines’. 

f.  Maintain meticulous attention to detail in underwriting mortgages. Evaluated the financial strength of 

borrowers to determine risk and repayment capacity. 

g.  Have completed and certified the TTT Program (Train the Trainer). 
h.  Performing Responsibilities given by the management and clients as per the Quality standards. 

Post-Closing: 

The post-closing mortgage loan file review process include, a review of the loan to assess the accuracy and integrity of 
the information used to support the lending decision, the documentation of any defects identified through the review, 
and an assessment as to whether or not the loan complies with the Selling.  

TITLE SEARCH / TITLE ISNURANCE:  

Title  search  is  a  process  which  requires  thorough  examination  of  property  records  to  establish  ownership  of  the 
property owner in question, track any outstanding mortgages, liens, judgement and unpaid taxes against the property  

a.  To  verify  ownership,  legal  descriptions,  and  restrictions  by  analysing  liens,  maps,  public  records, 

leases, plat books, agreements, surveys, and contracts. 

b.  Prepare  an  accurate  and  compressive  title  commitment  in  accordance  with  company/clients 

examining and policy procedures. 

c.  Scrutinizing  recorded  deeds  and  Mortgages/DTs  and  other  documents  which  may  affect  property 
liens,  mortgages,  and  bankruptcy  and  foreclosure 

tax  records,  judgments, 

titles  Locating 
proceedings.  

d.  Summarizing  pertinent  legal  or  insurance  details  for  examination,  proof,  or  ready  reference. 

Reporting research findings on property titles accurately and clearly. 

e.  Reviewing titles for defects that may affect the validity of a title’s claim to a property or other asset. 
f.  Record all legal documents at the county and federal level and present deed to new owners.  

(MOHAMMED SHOAIB) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
