MOHAN  SAHANI 
Address: Bharat Mata Abhyasika, Near Parvati paytha, Laxmi Nagar 

Pune-411009 

Contact no: +918668729973 
E-mail id: sahanimohan52@gmail.com 
College Name- Arihant college camp pune-411001 

CAREER OBJECTIVE: 

Proactive Email Marketing Professional having 3+ years of experience in generating Web Services 
(Email Marketing, Contact Discovery, Data Cleansing, B2B Marketing Solutions, List Building, Event 
Promotion, Technology Marketing, Database Marketing of various industries.) 

 ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
Qualification  Institute/ 

Specialization 

Year of Passing 

Percentage  Class 

MCS 

University 
PUNE 

Computer Science 

2020 

BCS 

PUNE 

Computer Science 

2017 

HSC 

SSC 

PUNE 

Science 

PATNA 

- 

2014 

2012 

65% 

57% 

57% 

65% 

First Class 

Second class 

Second class 

First Class 

  IBN Technologies. (Currently working - Sep 2022) 

  Senior  Email  Marketing  Specialist 

  Here we do B2B Email Marketing to get Leads for the Growth of the business. 
  We do Email marketing for Products Public & Private Cloud, Dedicated Servers, 

and Azure Cost reduction, cloud Consulting & managed services. 
  The tools I use here for Email Campaign like G-suite, G-Mass, SendGrid, 

 

FreshMarketer, Elastic Email. 
I create templates & subject lines and analyze it in terms of spammy words and 
score of the content and subject lines. 

  Monitoring Clicks, Conversions, Leads, Opens rate, Delivery rate etc. 
 

IP, Domain, and Inbox warmup to make it ready to reach the targeted volume of 
email sending. 

  Data research, Data analysis & management. 

IBN Technologies is a leading outsourcing service provider offering finance and accounting, IT, as 
well as back-office and middle office services. 

  Wise Guy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. (Oct-2020 – Aug 2022) 

  Email  Marketing  Specialist 

•  Data research, Data analysis, Data sorting & cleaning. 
•  Worked on Various Market reports like CnM, PcM, Automotive, Healthcare, F&B, IcT, 

Construction to gather the email database. 

•  Created template and creative subject lines for different reports. 
•  The tools I used here for Email Campaign like Outlook server, G-Mass with 

SendGrid. 

•  Monitoring Clicks, Conversions, Leads, Opens rate, Delivery rate etc. 
• 

IP, Domain, and Inbox warmup to make it ready to reach the targeted volume of 
email sending. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Wise Guy Reports is a part of Wise Guy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. And offers premium 
progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for 
industries and governments around the globe. 

  ADVIDS (INTESOME SOL. PVT.LTD). (Oct-2018 – Nov 2019) 

  Digital Marketing Executive 

•  SEO On Page & OFF Page. 
•  Data Sorting, data cleaning, Database management. 
•  Bulk Data scraping for Email Campaign. 

ADVIDS is Animated Video Company based in Pune, Company is Generating leads Through 
Online Marketing, using of Email Campaign, social media & SEO, SEM 

Key Skills 

• Strategy to increase the traffic, conversions, and promotional activity through email activity. 
• Constantly drive email database size and quality. 
• Ensure deliverability by setting up the Mailing Infrastructure and testing for better inbox    
placement. 
• Campaign Management and design. 
• Strategic inputs on email design and email content. 
• Implementation of new technologies and services into email marketing. 
• Create email marketing campaigns to promote products or services. 
• Ensure marketing message is conveyed clearly and delivered properly to prospects. 
• Ensure messages are sent in proper form and template. 
• Proofread for emailers. 
• Develop a personalization strategy. 
• Include specific graphics, incentives, and detailed descriptions. 
• Create database of emails for lead generation. 
• Include persuasive 'call-to-actions' in advertisements and promotions. 
• Track and analyze direct and interactive marketing campaigns. 
• Use statistical analysis and reports to create campaigns. 
• Coordinate and monitor the maintenance, integrity, and security of several databases. 

PERSONAL DETAILS 
●  Name 
●  Date of Birth 
●  Gender 
●  Marital Status 
●  Languages Known: Marathi, Hindi, and English. 
●  Permanent Address: Bharat Mata Abhyasika, Near Parvati 

: Mohan Sahani 
: 09/09/1996 
: Male 
: Unmarried 

paytha, Laxmi Nagar, Pune-411009 

DECLARATION 

● 

I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true and correct to the 
best ofmy knowledge and belief. 

Place: Pune 

Mohan Sahani 

 
 
 
 
 
 
