Mohd Imran Ansari 

  ansari.imran83@gmail.com 

8317045885 

 linkedin.com/in/mohd-imran-ansari-70ba6b192 

Summary 
Experienced Email Marketing Specialist with a demonstrated history of working in multiple industries. Skilled 
in B2C/B2B, Mass Email Marketing, Email Design, Email Marketing Automation, and Email List Building. 
Strong marketing professional with a Master of Business Administration - MBA focused in International 
Business from Lucknow University, Lucknow. 

Skills - Email Marketing • Marketing Automation • Mass Email Marketing • Email 
Strategy • Market Segmentation • Project Delivery • Business-to-Business (B2B) • 
Social Media Marketing  •  Digital Marketing  •  B2C  •  Performance Analysis • A/B 
Testing •  Email Deliverability •Drip Campaigns 

Tools  –  Hubspot,  Klaviyo,  Omnisend,  MAUTIC,  Mailerlite.  Mailchimp,  Sendgrid,  Selzy, 
Zoho, Klaviyo, Mailercloud, Saleshandy, SFMC, Ongage, Sparkpost, Getresponse. 

Experience 

Senior Email marketing Specialist 
Channel Clarity 
Jun 2022 – Feb 2023 
Managing Email Deliverability for multiple domains. Setting up an environment to enable mass emailing 
for GMAIL and YAHOO targeting. 
Creating flows for engagement and boosting open and click rates. 
Monitoring regular email delivery matrices and providing solutions for inboxing. Monitoring deliverability factors 
like DKIM, DMARC, SPF for domain reputation. 
Helped in the setup of MAUTIC with the help of dev team to enable mass email sending. 
Assisted in automation project for multiple domains for sending targeted emails as per user interests and last 
action.  

Skills: Audience Segmentation · Drip Marketing · Email Marketing · Email Strategy · Email Campaigning 

  Email Marketing Specialist 
Tutree, Inc. 
Aug 2021 - Mar 2022 (8 months) 
Implementation of email process 
Preparing a strategy for email delivery and achieving conversion through regular bulk emailing 
Creating drip campaigns and monitoring the performance of campaigns 
Suggesting content strategy and social marketing strategy to increase reach to end users 
Managing end-to-end email activities including email template creation, segmentation and data 
maintenance using MAUTIC. 
Automated email workflows and drip campaigns by using Mautic. 
Involved  in  implementing  an email process  for a  Synkdup -Community  being  developed by  the organization 
A/B testing templates, subject lines, message content, CTAs, and send time. Creating segments based on 

Mohd Imran Ansari - page 1 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
user persona. Working with the tech team to resolve issues related to SPAM, email spoofing for cold emailing 
into the USA. Used Mautic to create trigger-based user email journey. 
Assisting copywriting activities and providing inputs for preparing new content templates 

  Assistant Manager 
Tripify (CheapFlightFares) 
Jan 2019 - Mar 2020 (1 year 3 months) 
Involved in end-to-end Email Marketing process. Designing Strategy and implementing email flow for all 
processes across the organization. Creating email marketing strategies for different part of user journey. 
Creating segments and lead generation using opt-in sign up forms by using MAUTIC. 

Used Mautic for sending bulk emails and creating email flows for retargeting users. 
Automation of sales process by using HUBSPOT and KLAVIYO 
Creating newsletters and promotional emails for events and designing drip campaigns for user 
engagement. 
Involved in product development of Tripify a travel community. Implemented email process and provided 
feedback for features of product. 

Assistant Manager – Email Campaign Management & Deliverability 

Tolexo Online Pvt. Ltd. 
Jun 2015 - Dec 2018 (3 years 7 months) 
• Creating and managing email campaigns for B2B and B2C 
• Responsible for delivery of email messages as per delivery targets 
• Collaborating with design & category team to develop email templates to improve deliverability 
• Improve the quality of emails and maintain best practices as per industry standards. 
• Used Mautic for creating campaigns and sending mass emails via sendgrid SMTP. 
• Analyzing email reports to strategies email segmentation and improving list 
• Reporting OR/CR/ CTR 

  Lead - Client Servicing 

Tinsel Town Media 
Jan 2011 - Apr 2015 (4 years 4 months) 
• Responsible for meeting clients and fulfilled their needs and requirements 
• Presented various marketing ideas to clients 
• Handled the responsibility of projecting budgets and schedules 
• Managing and coordinating all product deliverables amongst cross functioning team (Design, Content) 
to ensure timely project delivery 
• Handled the 360 campaigns for few Major Brands (HUL, Dr Lal Path Labs, Lenskart,CL Educate. 
Wonder Education etc.) 

Education 

  Lucknow University, Lucknow 
Master of Business Administration - MBA, International Business 
2004 – 2006 

Mohd Imran Ansari - page 2 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Licenses & Certifications 

  Email Marketing - HubSpot Academy 
Issued Jan 2022 - Expires Feb 2024 
04d2eb114fab4fce91afc3725cb0bff2 

Mohd Imran Ansari - page 3 

 
 
