MOVIGA.B 

EMAIL MARKETING SPECIALIST 

  moviga69@gmail.com 

  https://tinyurl.com/3xbx5eww 

8300944914 

Career Objective 

A  driven  digital  marketing  specialist  with  strong  email  marketing  development, 
deliverability, and strategy skills seeking a senior role in an ambitious organization 
that embraces future trends and technology. 

Professional Summary 

●  Strong understanding of the concepts of efficient digital marketing. 
●  Have a thorough understanding of Email Deliverability Management, IP & Domain 

Reputation, Whitelist and Blacklist, Email Authentication Setup, Email Best 
Practices, ISP Feedback Loop and Postmaster tool, A/B testing, and Opt-In 
approach. 
IP and domain reputation were monitored and controlled to ensure 100% email 
delivery. 

● 

●  Marketing automation, campaign execution, IP warming, PowerMTA, Mail chimp, 
SendinBlue, and Benchmark Emailing knowledge and experience are required. 
●  Strong understanding of spam rules and traps, CAN-SPAM, and GDPR-related 

characteristics. 

●  Excellent knowledge of email authentication technologies (SPF, DKIM, DMARC). 
●  Practical knowledge of HTML and CSS content management systems. 
●  Capability to use databases to generate quality leads 

Academic Profile 

MCA - 2021 - Present Erode Sengunthar Engineering College, Erode, 
Tamil Nadu. 
B.Sc (IS) - 2018 - 2021 Kongu Engineering College, Erode, Tamil Nadu.- 
80% 
HSLC - 2017 to 2018 Bharathi Matriculation Hr. Sec. School, 
vijayamagalam.-69%  
SSLC - 2015 to 2016 Kongu Matric Higher Secondary School, uthukuli - 
79% 

Work Experience 

EMAIL MARKETING SPECIALIST 

Webberax  (July 2021 - Till Date) 

  Create email marketing campaigns to advertise your company's products or 

services. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  Utilizing an IP warming method to warm UP an IP, then utilizing that IP to send an 

email. 

  Email deliverability expertise. Product Analyst with extensive experience in email 
strategy, planning, creating, and building email campaigns, as well as email 
automation. 

  Monitoring KPI metrics for deliverability, IP blacklist, spam trap, DNS issues, and 

bounce logs. 

  Analyzes email delivery from Email Service Providers (such as Yahoo, AOL, 
Hotmail, Cables, and Gmail) to find and resolve inbox delivery difficulties. 

  A/B testing was initiated on subject lines, calls-to-action, and headlines to enhance 

open rates and customer engagement. 

  Analyze the results of email campaigns, including the audience, offers, creativity, 

deliverability, open rates, CTR, and conversion. 

  Daily monitoring, analysis, and optimization to decide on marketing changes and 

strategic arrangements to maximize revenue for the organization. 

  Developed and executed strategies to improve email deliverability performance by 

utilizing the return path. 

  Non-deliverable email addresses and opt-outs are being removed. 

Technical Skills 

Domain / IP Warm-up, Email Best Practices, Campaign Performance, DNS 
Management, Spam Pattern Detection, ISP Postmaster Email authentication, 
blacklists, and whitelists, research and analytics, inbound/outbound marketing, 
Pmta, Postfix, MS Excel, lead generation, Google Analytics, and affiliate marketing 
are all examples of services offered by Pmta. 

Personal Details 

Father Name 

: R.T.Baskaran 

Mother Name 

: B.Yasodha 

DOB 

: 09-03-2001 

Languages Known 

: Tamil, English  

Declaration 

To the best of my knowledge and belief, I hereby certify that the information included herein is true 
and correct. 

Place 
Date 

: Chennai 
:                                                                                                                 B.Moviga                                                                    

                                                                                         Yours Truly, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
                             
 
 
 
 
