Mus Muskaan Moorjani 
DC Analyst- Deloitte 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY: 

Possessing exceptional communication skills, 
people management capabilities and a keen 
analytical mindset, I consistently excel in 
driving client satisfaction and optimizing 
project outcomes. With a strong background 
in project management, I have successfully 
led and executed complex initiatives, 
meeting deadlines and surpassing 
expectations. My ability to communicate 
complex ideas clearly and concisely enables 
me to build strong rapport with stakeholders 
at all levels. 

SKILLS: 

Analytical skills, People management, 
Delegation, Leadership, Performance 
management, Verbal communication, 
Tracking & Troubleshooting, Interpersonal 
skills, Content writing, Secondary research, 
PowerPoint/Word/Excel. 

Location: Gurugram 
Phone no: +916350376657 
LinkedIn: Muskaanmoorjani 
E-Mail: muskaan2moorjani@gmail.com 

EXPERIENCE: 
Deloitte Consulting USI 
Analyst 2: Project Management Consultant 

  Implementing market analysis, benchmarking and budgeting of 
data management. Track the internal portal with the invoice, 

  Identifying potential risk & issues and develop mitigation 

strategies to address them. 

  Creating project plan defining the scope, scheduling meeting with 

the client, plan the activity cycle and escalate the delays. 

Jul’22 – Currently 

  Acting as a liaison between various stakeholders, project managers and end users. 
  Analyze and compensate data and deliver it to the client in terms of presentation. 
  Maintaining comprehensive release notes, change logs, incident management and developing 

guides for handovers. 

  Structuring, negotiating, tracking and reporting the compensation for the project. 
  Managing the project lifecycle, end to end and acting as a liaison.  
  Demonstrates effective, clear and professional written and oral communication. 

NS3 Tech Solutions Pvt. 
Resource Coordinator 

Nov’19 – Jul’20 

  Managing and allocating resources effectively with the effective calendar management. 
  Coordination, prepare reports, track resources to support the backend decision. 
  Provide trainings, om software/tools to make the process smooth for the resource. 
  Managed a team of 10 people and developed strategic plan to generate business. 

CERTIFICATION: 

  Methodological skill application: conducting market surveys and getting leads from 

INTERNSHIPS: 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
Management Trainee: Marketing 

Feb’21 – May’21 

  Sales Management || IBS Gurgaon. 
  Brand Management & Aligning 

Business || Coursera 

  Certification in Digital Marketing || 

Google 

  Certified in Cambridge English || 

Mody University 

POSITION OF 
RESPONSIBILITY: 

  Vice-Coordinator of Placement Cell, IBS 

Gurgaon. 

  Core committee member || Brand 

Management. 

unexplored markets 

  Develop supply chain and fabricators 
  Importance of  a  B2B2C  platform in  the  stainless-steel industry- promotion  via  fabricator 

development programs 

  Real-time experience doing market research and practical experience persuading end 

customers to complete a questionnaire 

  Building relationship with customers, clients, suppliers and manufacturers 

GradRight 

Data Researcher 

Feb’19 – Aug’19 

  Collecting, analyzing and interpreting data to solve complex issues. 
  Gather information for various B-Schools on basis of certain criteria’s. 
  Data accuracy, statistical analysis, generating reports and charts through 

various internal tools. 

PROJECTS: 

  Created a user interface for an already existing company's service, defined its boundary 

structure, and projected its functionality. 

  Developed backend techniques and designed the user interface in line with the pricing 

schemes. 

  Impact on leadership & organizational behavior: Interviewed an HR representative 
based on their current duties and responsibilities, the key influence of employee 
productivity behavior. 

EDUCATION: 
PGPM (Marketing, Human Resource) 

ICFAI Business School Gurgaon 
B. Tech (Computer Science) 

Mody University 

CBSE, Ajmer, 12th Std 
CBSE, Ajmer, 10th Std 

2020-22 

2014-18 

2014 
2012 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
