Nagarjuna Ageer

Hyderabad,
500058 | 7674846424 | Nagarjuna.ageer@gmail.com |

Objective

An accomplished digital marketing professional with 7 of experience seeking a challenging role in
a dynamic organization where I can utilize my skills to drive growth and success.

Skills

● Comprehensive understanding of digital marketing principles and practices
● Proﬁciency in SEO, SEM, PPC, and social media marketing
● Experience with marketing automation and CRM platforms such as HubSpot and Salesforce
● Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
● Strong communication and collaboration abilities
● Creative thinker with a passion for innovation

PRODUCT MARKETING EXECUTIVE | Keka HR | FEB 2016 – NOV 2016 ·
➢ Lead the Digital marketing activities for ‘Keka HR’, which is the SaaS

product launched by Technovert.

➢ Implemented inbound marketing strategies from the ground up which

worked successfully.

➢ Successfully implemented Search Engine Optimization and Google

AdWords campaigns. · Managing web development team and Google

Analytics.

➢ Involved in Implementing Local sales and marketing for main cities in

India. Developing content for blogs, Press releases, and social media

channels.

➢ Conducted A/B testing to optimize landing pages and increase

conversion rates

ASSISTANT MANAGER – DIGITAL MARKETING | XYBION CORPORATION |

DEC 2016 – 18

➢ Developed and implemented digital marketing strategies to increase

brand awareness and drive lead generation

➢ Conducted extensive keyword research and competitor analysis to

improve SEO and SEM eﬀorts

➢ Managed and optimized PPC campaigns to increase conversions and

reduce cost-per-click

➢ Created and managed social media campaigns to engage with target

audiences and increase followers

➢ Utilized marketing automation and CRM platforms to streamline lead

generation and lead nurturing processes

➢ Analyzed and reported on campaign performance using Google Analytics

and other reporting tools

FOUNDER & MANAGING DIRECTOR | ABSEAD MEDIA PRIVATE LIMITED | 2019 - 2021
➢ Founded Absead Media Private Limited in the year 2019, which is a digital marketing

agency for SaaS and IT Businesses.

➢ Worked with several clients from countries all over the world and helped them with their

digital marketing and advertising activities.

➢ Hired and managed a remote marketing team of content writers, graphic designers, and

web developers from diﬀerent parts of the world.

➢ Successfully delivered proﬁts since the very ﬁrst year of launching the company.

DIGITAL MARKETING Manager| WhoISXML API |2021 – 2023
➢ Worked as an independent digital marketing contractor for many American companies like

WhoIsXML API, Paradise Media, and IPIFY.

➢ I’ve managed an advertising budget of over 20k USD per month across Google and Social

media ads during this period.

➢ Delivered excellent results for WhoIsXML API and IPIFY by improving their organic traﬃc,

converting leads to sales, and closing advertising deals through inbound and outbound

marketing activities.

Certiﬁcations

● Google AdWords Certiﬁcation – Certiﬁed by Google
● Google Analytics Certiﬁcation – Certiﬁed by Google
● HubSpot Inbound Marketing Certification

Education

· Mechanical Engineering

· MVSR Engineering College

