Nandita Bhir

nandita.bhir04@gmail.com 
9711188217 
New Delhi

Summary

Organised ,Dependable ,Versatile and an Enterprising individual successful at managing multiple priorities with a
positive attitude.

Experience

Financial Analyst
Bank of New York Mellon || Pershing
09/2022 - 06/2023

Portfolio analysis and transaction monitoring to determine Risk associated on transfer of Assets(Money) by clients from
and between Different Banks to Bank of New York||Pershing

CDD and document analysis and screening of clients by researching using external and internal sources. Identifying
potential risk and reporting it as required.

Executing company policies, procedures, compliance as per FINRA Regulations to carry out Asset Management.

Directly dealing/ interacting with Brokers/ Agents and Clients to carry out Asset Transfers.

Analysing Data to create Financial models, Corporate presentations and execution of asset transfers for and of Clients.

Credit Analyst
American Express Pvt Ltd
05/2018 - 07/2020

Analyse customer data such as ﬁnancial statements, documents, spend activity on the account to assess risk of ﬁnancial
crime.

Identify type of ﬁnancial crime on account,or spot suspcious activity on account and take required actions.

Consolidated in the form of concise written texts, the activity, expenses,fraud alerts, credit risks and analysis of the
account in under a limited time spans.

Assessed credit risk and analysed credit worthiness of the account.

Education

Masters in Data Science

Score of CGPA 3.6

Specialised In Business Intelligence and Data Science.

Master of Arts in Economics

Masters in economics with both Macro and Micro economics subjects.

Bachelor of Science in physics

Majored in both Astro and Mechanical Physics.

Skills

Financial Modeling, AML, transaction monitoring, Asset Management, Financial Modeling, Regulatory Compliance, Risk

Management, Risk Analysis, Credit Decision, Python, MySQL, Tableau, Data Visualization, Microsoft excel, Powerpoint,
Communication skills

Project

Finance and Risk Analytics Capstone

Portfolio Management for Two investors (Entreprenuers) that had different investment requirements and ﬁnancial
objectives.

Conducting Data Loading, Data Exploration, Stock Analysis and Portfolio management , Reporting on the Data Set.

Using Visuals, Dashboards and Evaluating Performance metrics that helped in summarizing the stock.

Outcome : Two separate investment actions for the two investors as per the ﬁnancial goals they had set for their
respective companies.

Awards

Highest KPI Holder during my tenure as a credit analyst at American Express.

Topped the school in English Subject in class 12 CBSE Board Exam, felicitated for the same.

Secured ﬁrst position in zonal level swimming Competition.

Hobbies/Interest

An Avid Reader, who also possess an outdoor spirit and loves to play sports like Squash, Swimming, Athletics and
Badminton and has a keen interest towards baking.

Languages

Fluent In English, and Good proﬁciency in Marathi, Hindi and French.

