Narendra
Kumar saw

scnarendra24@gmail.com

8581881347

swastik city,beman nagoi  road ,khamararai Bilaspur
(chattisgarh)

Objective

Obtain a challenging leadership position applying creative
problem solving and lean management skills with a
growing company to achieve optimum utilization of its
resources and maximum profits.

Skills

Design,logo design,video
and audio editing ,
blogging,seo,writer etc

Academic Details

CSVTU

Mtech, 73%, 2020

BPUT

Btech, 74%, 2016

Dav public school

Hsc, 73%, 2011

Work Experience

Hoppoo lifestyle India pvt ltd

Business executive/sales marketing , Aug 2016 - Sep
2017

Role : To deal with the client about the product and
services and convince him to buy my product.Also deal
with flight,bus and train tour and travel ticket and package
marketing to meet the company requirements.

Physics factor

Proofreader and Quality check, Sep 2017 - Oct 2018

Role : To check the content for Editing and proofreading
text content ,content for education , technical, academic,
nontechnical inclusive of title tag and header tag using
various multimedia format that can be read  and viewed
clearly to meet learning requirement for students.

Cloudbird private limited

SME , Oct 2018 - Oct 2020

Role : To give text solutions for different exams such as
neet jee, iit , competitive exams and qc too in proper
format and guidelines .

Pranjal solutions

Transcription exert(freelancer), Oct 2018 - Oct 2020

Role : To convert audio project into text in proper format
and guidelines.

Masterji coaching classes

Teacher faculty and academic counselor , Oct 2019 - Oct
2020

Role : To teach science and physics and math of board
classes, graduate level and btech Graduate for govt
preparation exam like ssc , railway, banking, and handle
the academics and do the counselor too.

Innovalence education pvt ltd

Subject Matter expert , Oct 2020 - Sep 2021

Role :  I have to solve the questions of undergraduate
students and also solved questions related problems in
online platform Bartlebe of us based edtech company.

Gyanohm learning pvt Ltd

Subject Matter expert , Sep 2021 - Sep 2022

Role :  I have to solve the questions of undergraduate
students and also solved questions related problems in
online platform brainly of us based edtech company.

Arohanatech edtech company

Quality check(freelancer), Nov 2022 - Jul 2023

Role : To do the quality check or reviewer of us based
company brainly .

Oswaal books pvt ltd

SME/Author/QC(freelancer), Nov 2021 - till date

Role : I have to solve the questions of physical education
of undergraduate students and solved query related
problems.Also i have to do content developer for
academics.

Physics wallah pvt ltd

SME/Content writer/Tagging/QC(freelancer), Oct 2021 -
till date

Role :  I have to solve the questions of pcm and science
students  and solved query related problems.Also i have
to do content  developer, tagging and qc  to each and
every questions.

Direction educare pvt ltd

SME/QC, Jul 2023 - till date

Role :  I have to solve the questions of undergraduate
competitive examination and solved query related
problems.Also i have to do Qc for each and every
questions

Project Details

Talking calculator

The aim of this project is for blind and dumb people.

Period : 1 week        Team Size: 5

Role : Leader

Project on IC engine aeroplane

The aim is to fly the aeroplane by the use of 5cc engine ,
abalsa wood, microcontroller and the fuel of nitro
methane and it's mixture.

Period : 1month       Team Size: 12

Role : Leader

Industrial Exposure
Industrial Visit at:

Heavy engineering corporation (HEC) in ranchi

Implant Training at:

Eastern Central railway(ECR) in Dhanbad

Achievements
I have cleared govt exams such as SSC GD,RRB group d
and RRB ALP

Curricular Activities
Extra-Curricular

Participate in cyborg the robotics
Strength
Hard work,loyal, fast learner, dedicated to my work.
Hobbies
Playing and watching cricket and chess.

Declaration

I hereby declare that the above mentioned details are
true to the best of my knowledge.

Date    : 10-09-23
Place   : Bilaspur

(Narendra Kumar saw )

