Nisha Upadhyay 

Sector-6 ‘B’,Qr.No. 1308 
B.S.CITY,Jharkhand 
PIN:827006 
Mobile No.9570044727 
Email:nish.upadh@gmail.com 

Objective:  Looking for a career with challenges, rewards and job satisfaction with the continuous up-

gradation of my knowledge, skills & experience in a professional environment for the growth of the 

company and thereby growth along with. 

Professional Snapshot 

A result driven professional with Three years of experience in the areas of Business Development, 
Marketing and Client Servicing in the Banking sector.  

●  Worked with HDFC Bank ltd  as  Personal Banker & Teller . 
●  Experience in marketing insurance products and achieving business targets.  
●  Proficient  in  managing  sales  operations,  organizing  promotional  campaigns,  building  relationship 

with clients & achieving desired goals.  

●  Posses  excellent  communication,  relationship  management,  team  building  skills  with  dexterity  in 

mentoring and managing sales teams.  

Academic Education: 

● 

 “MBA - Finance &  Marketing ” from USHA MARTIN ACADEMY,RANCHI, JHARKHAND  

(under Punjab Technical University , Jalandhar)  with 71% marks (Year 2011) 

●  Graduated in “Bachelor of Business Management-Finance” from Oxford College Of Businesss 

Management, Bangalore, Karnataka (under Bangalore University , Bangalore) with 65% marks 

(Year 2006-09) . 

●  Completed “Senior Secondary Education” from Bokaro Ispat Sr. Sec. School, Bokaro, Jharkhand 

(under C.B.S.E., in science with maths) with 68% marks (Year 2000-02) . 

●  Completed “Matriculation” from Bokaro lspat Vidyalaya, Bokaro, Jharkhand (under C.B.S.E.) 

with 69.2% marks (Year 2000) . 

Academic Projects Undertaken: 

●  Cost  Sheet  Analysis of  Wockhardt Hospital, Bangalore  in the year 2009. 
●  Analysis of sources of funds & cost of capital of  Bokaro Steel Plant (SAIL) in the year 2010. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Career Highlights 

HDFC  Bank Ltd     :  Aug’11 till Sep‘14 

Personal Banker: 

●  Handling a portfolio of 361 HNI customers of the bank. 
●  Acting as one point contact for all the classic customers in my portfolio.  
●  Looking after all the queries of the HNI customers as well as walk ins. 
●  Doing cross sell among the portfolio customers. 

Teller : 

●  Handling cash and Non cash transactions like RTGS, NEFT, Fund Transfer etc.  
●  Inputting Clearing cheques and DD MC transactions, 
●   FCY Remittance ,Foreign Cheques. 

Interests and Hobbies: 

●  Listening to music of all genres 
● 
●  Travelling 

Interacting with people 

Personal Details: 

        14th Jun 1983 

●  Date of birth: 
●  Gender:                     Female 
●  Father’s Name:         U. N. Upadhyay 
●  Nationality: 
●  Marital status: 
●  Languages Known  : English ,Hindi. 

        Married 

        Indian 

        DECLARATION   : I do hereby declare that all the information furnished above is correct and     

true to the best of my knowledge.                                                          

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                          
