Nitin Sarkar

Experience

Futurepedia.io | US based AI startup
Head of Content and Operations - Remote

nitinsarkar795@gmail.com 
+91 9535030004 
Bengaluru, Karnataka, IN

04/2023 - Present

Collaborated directly with the founder for over 6 months, enhancing digital presence and performance. 
Achieved 267% increase in daily organic website trafﬁc in 90 days.
Expertise in Content Management Systems (CMS) using Sanity, Wordpress and Asana for efﬁcient content delivery.
Conducted client onboarding, collected feedback for service improvements.
Implemented SEO strategies using SEMrush, Ahrefs, Google Analytics, and Search Console.
Controlled all website content updates, ensuring accuracy, timeliness, and quality.
Aligned closely with the Devs team to identify and report bugs, ensuring prompt resolution and contributing to the
enhancement of service quality.

Niladvantage Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Digital Marketing and Team Lead - Remote

Managed daily leads and created EDMs and advertisements for email marketing. 
Utilized Canva and Mailchimp/Unlayer to edit marketing materials.
Recruited and trained a team of interns, engaged jointly with the Founder.

12/2022 - 01/2023

TheBrandMark & Wemerchin. | E-Commerce 
Logistics and Client Management - Remote

03/2022 - 05/2022

Conducted cold calls to verify and update order values, enhancing client data accuracy and strengthening
relationships.
Managed logistics using tools such as Google Sheets, Shopify and Shiprocket to ensure efﬁcient order fulﬁllment and
delivery.
Effectively handled Non-Delivery Reports (NDRs) to resolve delivery issues promptly and ensure customer
satisfaction.

Skills

Leadership and Collaboration
Hard Work and Attention to Detail 
Strategic Planning and Execution
Communication and Relationship Building

Brand Polishing/Developing
Google Search Console
Digital Marketing and SEO
MS Office Suite

Canva Design
Asana/Outlook
SEMrush/Ahrefs
Wordpress

Languages

English, Kannada, Bengali, Hindi

Education

Bachelors of Business Administration (BBA)
Jain College Bengaluru, Karnataka
CGPA: 8.40/10.0

Other Certiﬁcations include Google Analytics, Meta Ads and Fundamentals of Digital Marketing by Google.

NGO experience in HelpAge India and Jankalyan Multipurpose Education Society for Children.

06/2024

