N O M P U M E L E L O   K H U M A L O    

OPERATIONS AND SERVICING SPECIALIST 

CONTACT 

062 700 2768 

Makhumalo321@fmail.com 

https://www.linkedin.co 
m/in/nompumelelokhumalo 

PROFILE   

As a steadfast and meticulous professional, I excel in swiftly 
mastering new skills and delivering innovative solutions to 
business operations. My dedication to providing exceptional 
client service is matched by my capability as a responsible 
leader and my consistent output to achieving outstanding results 
in my portfolios. With a keen grasp of business analysis, I am 
adept at driving change and fostering growth within an 
organization. My commitment to excellence is the cornerstone 
of my professional aspirations, ensuring that I am an invaluable 
asset to any team. 

EDUCATION 

WORK 
EXPERIENCE  

University of the Free state 

Operations Team Leader - Allan Gray 

2021 

Financial Planning law 

2019 
BCom Honours in entrepreneurial 
management 

2018 
BA in Management 

Certificates 
2022-TEFL Certificate 
2020-Business Analyst Training 
2022- Data Science course 

SOFT SKILLS 

Retail operations expertise 
Exceptional client servicing 
Excellent Communication skills 
Coaching and team Leadership 
Strategic Planning 
Rapport building 
Strong stakeholder management 
People management 
Attention to detail. 
Strong Problem solving 
Decision Making 

2023- current 
Successfully oversee a team of 7-10 constantly changing 
operations team which includes graduates and experienced 
hires, Ensuring the team delivers exceptional service within SLA 
and manage coaching for underperforming consultants while 
handing escalated customer queries to ensure timeous service 
recovery. 

Portfolio:  
-Manage department projects on cross collaboration 
enhancements which resulted in 4 critical changes within 9 
months.  
-Orchestrate strategies for servicing streams by constantly 
analyzing progress and challenges from the changes and 
reporting to the relevant stakeholders to implement changes.  
-Collaborate with resource planners for capacity purposes by 
constantly analyzing business inflows and presenting options 
which resulted in 30 minutes reduction of EOD.  
-Drive awareness by doing quarterly presentation on regulations 
update- AML, EDD, ODD, CDD and other business changes, 
Fraud mitigation processes 

Consultant/Authorizer - Allan Gray 

2020-2023 
Onboarding of new clients, validation of FICA using KYC tools 
and daily servicing and processing transactions of 28-35 
compliant accounts. Demonstrating great attention to detail 
and a comprehensive grasp of legislative and compliance  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Technical skills 

Power BI 
Agile, JIRA 
Microsoft: Excel, PowerPoint, 
word, Teams 
Outlook 
CRM software 
Google sheets 
Data analysis 
Project Management 
Business process mapping 
Analytical and numerical skills 
Risk Management practices 

frameworks which led me to be promoted to a skilled consultant 
and an authorizer. Efficiently authorizing over 100 transactions 
per day. 

Projects:  
-Drive client retention through strategic business development to 
(BDM report sessions).  
-Demonstrated commitment by generating monthly insightful 
error rate reports for team leader to showcase the team’s 
performance,  
-Spearheaded the enhancements by being an ambassador for 
reporting system inefficiencies and preferences from consultants 
to the IT teams. 
-Facilitated targeted training for high-risk clients’ conversations 
and servicing of legal clients by partnering with service quality 
team, which contributed to consultants being confident to 
deliver better servicing and surpasses benchmarks for entry 
consultants 

References 

Intern- University of the Free state 

University of the Free state 
Shannon Van Rooyen 
078 880 6401 

Allan Gray 
Claudia Roberts 
063 784 0803 

2018-2019 
Portfolio:  
-Accurate data capturing and management 
-Assisting students navigate the research systems 
-Monitored 95-100 students in the library and created a 
database to keep track of library capacity  
-Acted as a key liaison between various faculties through 
escalating the library resources required by students.  
-Teaching English to a diverse international student group, 
enhancing communication skills and cultural understanding.  
-Led and coordinated a team of 12, fostering a collaborative 
and efficient work environment for both Library and career fair 
needs.  
-Conducted in depth research on all sponsoring companies for 
their graduate intakes to assist students with their applications.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
