OSWALD SADE

oswaldsade7@gmail.com; WhatsApp +91-8698358751

OBJECTIVE

I am a dedicated professional with demonstrated strengths in customer service, time
management, and team-supporting skills. Excellent verbal and written communicator.
Motivated at meeting customer needs with expert support. Stay on top of demands in
a fast-paced environment by effectively using slow periods. Maintain an organized,
clean, and safe work areas with diligent attention to important details

SKILLS & ABILITIES

Executive recruiting
Customer relations
Time Management
Decision Making
Chat Support
Photography

Written Communication
Verbal Communication
Attention to detail
Problem-solving
Article Writing
Ghostwriting

Office administration
procedures
Relationship-building skills.
Email Marketing
Talent acquisition techniques
Proofreading & Translation

EXPERIENCE

From April 2023 to February 2024

Position: Backlink and Outreach Specialist at Ling

● SEO-Backlink Builder -(Keyword research, Ahrefs, negotiation, networking.
● Ghostwriting(HARO)
● SEO Content Creation - Editing, proofreading and Content creation.
● Outreach (Inﬂurncers, Authors, Webmasters, PR, Bloggers etc)

4th of April 2023 to 20th of December

Head Oﬃce Administrator - True Fire Suppression

From 27th of September to 10th of October 2022

Lead generator-Real Estate Industry(USA & Canada) at TMI Corp

● Outbound Calling
● Data Mining
● Generated leads for Real Estate and Furniture Companies.

From 15th of December 2020 to 8th of August 2021

Customer Support & Sales(Australian process- Green Adapt)

● Made outbound customer calls to promote and sell a product or service.
● Recorded outbound call history and customer response in detail.
● Ensured customer follow-up all the time.
● Sent and emailed products, brochures, and other campaign materials.
● Handled customer needs and requirements.
● Responding to customer inquiries and resolve.
● Assisted and supported other departments in handling customer requests

and needs.

CO-ORDINATOR: LETHA CHARITABLE TRUST (SISTER CONCERN OF SEVA BHARAT)
From 6th of June 2014 to 2nd of January 2020

● Administrative Assistant to the Area Manager

●

Found partners for the organization to run a free 'Adult Literacy Class' in
Hindi, English and Marathi language. (The class had subjects the native
language, maths and morals)

● Each year I trained about 300 candidates for the Adult Literacy Class and also

for the After School Club.

● Successfully inaugurated Adult Literacy classes in different parts of

Maharashtra.

● Regularly visited the classes running in 40 centers in 40 different locations all

over Maharashtra to check the progress, motivate, teach, get feedback, and
report it back to the main office.

● Conducted Medical Camps, Self Help Training Programs and Certification

Programs at different locations where the class were running.

● Organised and coordinated work for 40 team members.

● Did my best in photography for reporting

● Provided information on development and implementation of future

professional plans.

● Planned and implemented hands-on learning activities. Specifically, adult

education.

● Developed and maintained productive internal and external relationships.

● Worked effectively with a diverse team to accomplish daily objectives and

meet long-term goals.

● Set classroom rules, expectations, and procedures.

● Did proofreading and translation from English to Marathi and Hindi.

EDUCATION

SOLAPUR UNIVERSITY
Bachelor in computer application
Completed 1st year

INTERESTS & TALENTS

Play music, sing, read books:
Languages: English, Hindi & Marathi.
Oswald Sade

(+91) 9503075884 oswaldsade7@email.com

PAGE 2

PAGE 3

