WORK EXPERIENCE

Internship 1 : All India Radio

Designation : Assistant News Editor

Roles And Responsibilities:

  Monitored  the  accuracy  and  the  fairness  of  the  headlines  and
the news

Assisted the Sr. Editor with daily routine tasks

Regular research on current affairs which supported the news

Internship 2 : Adworry Media - Mompreneur Circle 

Designation : Public Relation Executive

Roles  And Responsibilities:

Looked  after  the  communications  and  collaboration  with    PR
agencies  and  Advertising  agencies  and  associated  clients  from
different  PR  agencies  for  various  campaigns  and  live  sessions  held
on the social media platforms.

Provided  brand  solutions  through  the  platform  to  the  brands
according to the company's target audience.

 Kept myself updated with the latest PR industry trends and best
practices.

 Job : Public Relation Account Executive - Communicate India 

Designation : Public Relation Account Executive

Roles  And Responsibilities:

Handled  massive  health,  entertainment  and  auto  clients  such  as
Cipla Health, Gaana, Hurun India, Neuron Energy and Vijay Patil.

Disseminated news of activities to mass media.

Coordinated  press  conferences,  tracked  and  evaluated  media
coverages.

Job : Outreach Analyst - PINKVILLA

Designation : Outreach Analyst

Roles  And Responsibilities:

Evaluated  Content  and  pitched  to  various  professionals  and
experts 
reviews  using  different  methods  of
communication. 

for  article 

Followed up and correspond on calls and emails and effectively
collaborated on different websites.

Maintained  a  database  of  professionals  and  coordinated
internally within the teams.

ACHIEVEMENTS

2016: Film Festival

Designation : Event Manager

Roles And Responsibilities:

Planned organized and Co-ordinated Bioscope Punjabi Film Festival held in LPU

Managed Celebrities who attended the Festival 

Co-ordinated meetings with clients and sponsors

2017: Rishikesh-Feel The Flows
(Documentary)

Designation: Anchor/Host & Script writer 

Roles And Responsibilities:

Budget Management for the shoot

As an anchor I interviewed people with various nationalities

Identified and related various issues based on the subject

PALAK
SHARMA

EDUCATION

Bachelor In Journalism And Mass
Communication (2015-2018) Lovely
Professional University, Jalandhar. Punjab

CGPA: 7.57

Masters In Journalism And Mass
Communication (2019-2021) 
MIT ADT University, Pune

CGPA: 8:00

CONTACT INFORMATION

Home: House No 6/83, PO Badheri. Airport
Road, Shimla, Himachal Pradesh
Contact No.: 8219418610 
E-mail: palaksharma2824@gmail.com
https://palaklikespalak.blogspot.in/2016/09
life.html

SKILLS AND ABILITIES

MS Excel 
Adobe Premier Pro (Beginner)
Good Communication Skills.
Problem Solving Skills with good
leadership management.

