PALAK SRIVASTAVA  

 LinkedIn  |  

 +91 7355350673  |  

  palaksrivastava021@gmail.com  

Education  
Name of the course  
B.Com Honours  
AISSCE (CLASS XII)  
AISSE (CLASS X)  

I  Female 20yrs  

Year  
2024  
2021  
2019  

Institution  
Daulat ram college  
D.A.V. Sr. Sec. Public School, Anpara  
         D.A.V. Sr. Sec. Public School, Anpara  

Marks  
7.53 CGPA  
96.8%  
93.2%  

Internships     
HR Intern, Renukiran foundation                                                                                                                        Aug’23-oct’23                            
•  Enhanced HR operations at Renukiran Foundation by updating records, efficiently screening resumes, and seamlessly 
scheduling interviews. Conducted up to 5 interviews daily, surpassing all tasks by 12%, resulting in a remarkable 7% increase in 
fundraising efforts.  
Social Media Intern, Eatmynews                                                                                                                          Jul’23-Sep’23  
• Elevated company's online presence and engagement by 21% through diligent management of job postings, website, Twitter 
account, and actively responding to crypto-related questions on Quora. Recognized as "Performer of the Week" four times, 
consistently driving success and growth.  
Research Intern, Serve-It Technologies, Snellville, Georgia                                                                          Sep’23-Nov’23  
• Serve-it Technologies is Hyper-local community service marketplace connecting customers with nearby service providers.  
Conducted comprehensive in-depth market research on potential target markets by analysing 500+ user feedbacks, 
preferences, and demographics to identify key functional changes in the app, resulting in a 20% increase in user engagement. 
Actively participated in team meetings and brainstorming sessions, assisting in development of pitch desks and insightful 
reports for stakeholders.  
ACADEMIC PROJECTS   
Rare Diseases Expertise Database at Chandigarh                                                                                                         Oct’23                               
• Researched over 200+ rare diseases and gathered data on more than 1000 doctors, along with their rare disease expertise 
and contact details, in Chandigarh.  
• Utilized statistical analysis and data analytics tools, primarily Microsoft Excel, resulting in a comprehensive database that 
significantly contributed to medical research efforts.  
ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS  
• Achieved selection as the exclusive recipient among all undergraduate students at Delhi University for the                                       
prestigious Shugan Devi Maheshwari Memorial Scholarship, marking the first-ever student from my college to be honoured 
with this distinguished scholarship.  

• Felicitated by D.A.V. Public School Anpara for Ranking 1st Runner up in School (CLASS XII)  

POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY  
NSS Member, Daulat Ram College                                                                                                                    Nov’21-may’24  
• Worked at NSS and teaching over 20+ Blind and less fortunate children recording 10+ hours of Audio Teaching, creating 
assignments and worked as a scribble for 5 students in their exams. Taking care of street animals, and actively participating in 
every NSS opportunity..  
Vice-President, Eatmynews                                                                                                                                  Sep’23-Sep’24  
• Elevated position to Vice President at Eatmynews, crafting insightful questionnaires and conducting interviews with global 
figures, boosting organic user traffic by 20% and engagement by 17%.  
Sponsorship Member, College Fests                                                                                                                  Dec’22-Apr’23  
• Secured sponsorship agreements worth over 500,000 Rupees from renowned companies, including Coke  
Studio, Bistro57,Pizzahut and Taco Bell, contributing to a substantial increase in funding for the organization.  
Sponsorship Member, Spicmacay Society                                                                                                        Aug’23-Dec’23  
• Managed a team of 250 individuals, orchestrating webinars and engaging with over 10 speakers, achieving a remarkable 
100% conversion rate, resulting in a significant 20% increase in funds generated for the heritage walk, surpassing the previous 
year's contributions.  
EXTRA -CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES AND ACHIEVEMENTS  
VOLUNTEERING     
• The Robin Hood Army, New Delhi, zero-funds organization that works to get surplus food from restaurants to 
serve less fortunate people. Collaborated and actively engaged in over 10 food drives, gathering food from more 
than 100 restaurants and vendors, and distributing it to more than 15 marginalized localities and communities, as 
part of a varied team of more than 75+ individuals.    

 
COMPETITION  
•Winner-Social Synergy (Case Competition) by Lady Shri Ram College, University of Delhi, and Samagra Governance.  
•Secured 3rd Position in Corporate Clash in Vincenza 4.0, Annual corporate event of Synergy, Shaheed Sukhdev College of 
Business Studies.  
CERTIFICATION  
• Obtained the Python and AI certificate of MICROSOFT & GOOGLE Associated with DEVTOWN.  
• Obtained the HTML, CSS certificate of MICROSOFT & DEVTOWN Associated with DEVTOWN.  
• Certified online course on SQL Beginner to Advance for Data Professionals from Codebasics.io.  
OTHER INFORMATION  
SKILLS  
• Technical Skills:      Microsoft Excel, MYSQL, Python, Canva, HTML, TALLY, ITR, CSS (basic). 
•Interpersonal Skills: Leadership, Teamwork, Critical thinking, Data Driven Decision Making.  
INTEREST   
• Reading blogs and articles posted on LinkedIn by professionals.  
• Exploring new places and love travelling. 
• Playing chess, Sudoku. 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
                                                                                                                  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
