Pallavi Pandey 
Meerut, Uttar Pradesh 
+91 96014 03753 pallavipandey95@yahoo.com 
linkedin.com/in/pallavi-pandey-7478a9127 

With 4+ years of experience, I have successfully handled customer queries and, in my last job role, 
trained and managed a team of 55 agents after being promoted to the position of team leader within 6 
months of joining the company. 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

MFS Solutions  
Remote Working Oct 2021 - Sep 2023 
Team Leader Operations 

  Training and giving insights to the new hired customer service agents regarding the working, SOP, work 

culture of the company. 

  Handling a team of approximately 55 people and helping them answer customer queries. 
  Maintaining the daily attendance of the agents and keeping track of their errors so that action could be 

taken accordingly at the end of the month. 

  Keeping track of the new updates in the process and making sure that the team is aware and is following 

the same SOP. 
Focused on keeping the team motivated and positive at times of pressure situations. 

 
  Promoted to the position of Team Leader within 6 months of joining the company. 

Associate Operations 

  Handling customer queries regarding their delivery order and other related issues. 
  Regular follow-up with the delivery partner in case of live orders till the order is successfully delivered to 

the customer and updating the customer about the same through mail or call. 

  Handling customer queries related to pre and post-delivery concerns and getting them resolved on time. 
  Handling customer queries on social media platforms like Twitter, Facebook and Play Store. 
  Updating the merchant catalog in case of any issues regarding the menu, timing etc. 
  Handling the queries related to cashback. 

Marks & Spencer Reliance India Pvt. Ltd    
Remote Working   Nov 2020 - Apr 2021 
Customer Service Executive 

  Handling daily inbound & outbound calls & emails pertaining to customer queries and issues regarding 

orders. 

  Assisting customers over call in providing information about their orders, returns, refunds and inquiries 

regarding products. 

 
 
 
  Maintaining and logging daily tickets with customer queries and inquiries, recording customer 

interactions and details of the complaints. 

  Regular follow-ups with the team for timely closure of the tickets. 
  Communicating final resolution to the customers over call and emails. 
  Updating customers with the recent offers and discounts being offered by the brand. 

Hamee India Private Limited  
Gurgaon Nov 2018 - Mar 2020 
E-commerce Solutions & Operations Executive 

 

Solely managing the website's orders and the customer support for the website through email, chat and 
WhatsApp, handling every order related query of the customer. 

  Processing the daily orders for the website. Also, managing monthly returns and refunds. 
  Content writing, Blogs and PR and guest blogs for the products. 
  Handled & led the occasional events in which the company participated like Lil Flea, Horn OK Please and 

LBB organized in New Delhi. 

  Managing the closing stock at the end of every month so that new stock is bought accordingly. 
  Handling the Flipkart account July 2019, managing listing of new products, returns and claims for the 

same. 

Kivi Technologies Pvt. Ltd  
Gurgaon Jan 2018 - Mar 2018 
Business Development Manager 

  Understanding the work of the company's software product to be able to make the doctors and their 

 

team understand its use for them. 
Finding doctors in Gurgaon area through sources like Just Dial and Google and calling them for 
appointments for a product demo. 

  Visited clinics through cold calls and helped in opening 10 demo accounts. 
  Maintained follow-up with already existing clients and solving their queries as and when required. 

EDUCATION 

Post Graduate Diploma in Management in Marketing and Retail 
Unitedworld School of Business Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India 
GPA: 6.13  
Aug 2016 - Apr 2018 

Bachelor of Business Administration 
Pt. Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Management College, Meerut, Uttar Pradesh, India  
Scored: 66.4%  
Aug 2013 - May 2016 

 
 
 
 
 
Class 12 in Commerce 
Sophia Girls' School, Meerut, Uttar Pradesh, India 
Scored: 61% 
Apr 2012 - Mar 2013 

Class X 
Sophia Girls' School, Meerut, Uttar Pradesh, India 
Scored: 84.6% 
Apr 2010 - Mar 2011 

SKILLS  

Cold Calling, Communication, Content Writing, Customer Interaction, Customer Service, E-commerce, 
Employee Training, Event Planning, Flexibility & Adaptability, Focused, Self-Motivator, Self Starter, Social 
Media Queries, Standard Operating Procedure, Team handling, Active listening, Hard working. 

INTERESTS 

Reader & a Book Hoarder 
Television, Cinema and now also an OTT admirer 
Grown to like sketching 
Love talking to dogs 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
