Pankaj 
Sarpal 

OBJECTIVE 

ADDRESS 

Noida, Uttar Pradesh 

Jalandhar, Punjab (Residence) 

As a committed law student with exceptional analytical and 
research skills, I am eager to contribute my knowledge and 
expertise to your esteemed organization. With a strong enthusiasm 
for observing different viewpoints and applying new skills to better 
understand the legal profession and society, I am confident that I 
can effectively fulfill your organization's responsibilities. 

EDUCATION 

PHONE 
8568876932 

  Symbiosis law college (Noida, Uttar Pradesh)  

             BA LLB (2020-2025) 

  SWAMI SANT DASS PUBLIC SCHOOL (Jalandhar, Punjab) 

             High School diploma (CBSE) (2020) 

  EMAIL 

EXPERIENCE 

pankaj13.ps73@gmail.com 

  Legal Intern 

BnB law Firm, Panchkula, Haryana 

(August 1, 2023, to August 31, 2023) 

  Managed cases pertaining to Banking and Finance, including 
matters related to Debt Recovery Tribunals, FEMA (Foreign 
Exchange Management Act), SARFAESI (Securitization and 
Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security 
Interest Act), and the Banking Act. 

  Legal Intern 

Chamber of Ajay Sarpal, District & High Court, Punjab 

(June 1, 2023, to July 31, 2023) 

  Handled a diverse range of cases involving the NDPS (Narcotic 
Drugs and Psychotropic Substances) Act, as well as civil and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
white-collar crimes related to the PMLA (Prevention of Money 
Laundering Act. 

  Legal Intern  

Chamber of Mr. Ashok Giri (Advocate), Punjab & Haryana HC 

(January 2, 2023, to March 29, 2023) 

  Worked on various matters related to POCA (Prevention of 

Corruption Act) Act, NDPS (Narcotic Drugs and 
Psychotropic Substances) Act and Copyright Act, providing 
valuable assistance to senior associates and lawyers. 

  Judicial internship 

Office of Ashwani Sarpal (Dist. Judge), New Delhi  

(January 2, 2023, to March 29, 2023) 

  Worked on reviewing Cases and arguments presented and 
assisted in Legal writing and Editing and Policy Research 
and providing administrative support. 

  Legal Intern  

Grey Matter Legal, New Delhi (July 1 to July 30, 2022) 

  Worked on various matters related to Company Law, 

Electricity Law, and Arbitration Law, providing research and 
drafting assistance to senior associates and lawyers. 

  Legal Intern 

Chamber of Mr. RS Bajaj Advocate, Punjab & Haryana HC 

(March 1, 2022, to April 30, 2022) 

  Dealt with civil and service matters, gaining practical 

experience in legal proceedings. 

  Ground Researcher  

All India Human Rights Association, New Delhi (February 2022) 

  Conducted ground research on human rights violations in a 
particular region and suggested measures to improve the 
Indian landscape. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  Judicial internship 

Office of D.S. Chhina (Ret. Judge), Jalandhar, Punjab  

(December 2021 – February 2022) 

  Assisted with legal research and drafting of legal documents, 

including judgments, orders, and memoranda. 

  Legal Intern 

Law Docs, Delhi (July 2021 to August 2021)  

  Performed paralegal and content research. 

  Volunteer 

 Muskurhat Foundation, Mumbai (February 2021 – March 2021) 

  Assisted with fundraising activities and provided support to 

underprivileged children. 

  Researcher  

Rotaract Club, Chandigarh (January 2021 - February 2021) 

  Performed clerical duties, managed social media and emails, 

and assisted with event planning and research. 

ACADEMIC PUBLICATIONS & CERTIFICATION 

  Gold Medal & 1st Rank in International financial Olympiad, 

2023 in Sochi, Russia  

  Overview of U.S (United States). Legal System Organized by 
Symbiosis Law School, Noida and Penn State Law, The 
Pennsylvania State University, USA January 31 - February 
19, 2022 

  Research articles published on various platforms. 
  Anthology published in Arambh book under Make in India 

project. 

  Course on Banking and Insurance by Indian Academy of 

Law & Management  

  Pursuing Company Secretary Course (Executive Stage)   

Overall, I am a highly motivated and dedicated law student with a 
passion for legal research and analysis. With my strong academic 
background, diverse range of experience, and exceptional skills, I 
am confident that I can make a valuable contribution. Thank you 
for considering my application. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
