Papori Bora 

     writer.paporibora@gmailcom  

  + 9 1 - 8876480227  

 linkedin.com/in/papori-bora-content-writer 

Summary 
4+ years of content writing experience in multiple niches. Currently working as a freelance content writer at 
Virtuoso India.  
Some of my top skills as a content writer are: 

✍ Content Writing 

✍ SEO writing 

✍ Website Content 

✍ Social Media Captions 

✍ Ghostwriting 

✍ Content Editing and proofreading 

✍ Creative Writing 

✍ English Proficiency (Written) 
  ✍ English Proficiency (Spoken) 

Soft skills 
➼ Teamwork 

➼ Communication 

➼ Attention to details 

➼ Time Management 

➼ Content structuring 

➼ Self-management 

➼ Quick Learner 

➼ Internet research 

I am also simultaneously providing freelance content writing services at Fiverr. 

Experience 

   Content Writer 
Virtuoso India 
Apr 2021 - Present (2 years) 
•Researching, structuring, and writing blog posts/articles and website content for content marketing 
campaigns. 
•Worked on writing meta-tags - meta descriptions and meta titles to enhance on-page SEO. 

Papori Bora - page 
1 

 
 
 
 
 
•Wrote ad copies/social media captions for various clients. 

  Fiverr Content Writer 
Freelance 
Jun 2020 - Present (2 years 10 months) 
•Working independently with clients from the USA, UK and Australia in various niches. 

•Developing content in a host of niches 

  Content Writer 
Evolving Elite 
Jun 2020 - Aug 2020 (3 months) 
•Researched and wrote content for different clients on the topics provided by the team lead. 

  Content Writer 
Thrillophilia.com 
Mar 2020 - Jun 2020 (4 months) 
•Researched and written travel-based content to be published on the Thrilliophilia website. 
•Successfully followed the structure provided by the team to prepare the drafts. 

  Content Writer 
Fashonomy 
Oct 2018 - Feb 2020 (1 year 5 months) 
•Worked on fashion-related content for the company's blog. 
•Managed the entire WordPress blog, from content structuring to writing to publishing. 
•Curated interview questions for brand owners, and interviewed owners. 
•Analysed and reorganised interview answers in blog formats. 

  Content Writing Intern 
Content-Whale 
Aug 2019 - Nov 2019 (4 months) 
•Awarded as the peak performer in the first month of joining 
•Written content for various niches for many businesses; worked on PR articles. 

  Content Writer 
Inhalt Innovations 
Mar 2019 - Jul 2019 (5 months) 

Content  Creator  and  Editor 
Half  Baked  Beans  Publishing  Sep 
2017 - Dec 2017 (4 months) 
Content Creator and Editing of books and proofreading. 

Papori Bora - page 
2 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Education 

Jorhat Institute of Science & Technology 

Bachelor of Science, Information Technology 
2011 - 2014 

Skills 
Press Releases •  Social Media Marketing •  Marketing  •  Keyword Research •  Social Media •  English 
•  Content Management  •  Content Strategy  •  Interviewing  •  Branded Content 

Papori Bora - page 
3 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
