Parth Misra

207 Mahatma Gandhi Marg, Lucknow Cantonment, Lucknow 226002.

(+91) 08601-140777

parth@quillcanvas.net

Profile:

Results-driven MBA in Marketing with expertise in digital marketing and a passion for content strategy. Proven
ability to uncover unique content angles, develop effective strategies, and enhance SEO performance. Seeking
a position where I can utilize my skills to drive impactful content campaigns while staying aligned with digital
marketing best practices.

Work experience

Freelance content strategist, writer at Quill Canvas, Mar 2015 to present

● Created content for over 60 companies in industries spanning healthcare, solar power, SaaS, martech,

IT and Edtech.

● Specialize in writing blog posts, long-form content, ebooks, whitepapers, newsletters, and website

copy.

● Wrote articles that ranked in the top 5 results in Google for several clients.
● Wrote all the website copy for:

○ https://www.ultimatecrm.com.au/
○ https://www.nationalhealthexperts.com.au/

● Wrote for leading publications including:

○ Entrepreneur
○ Huffington Post
○ Site Point
○ TheNextWeb
○ ContentTools

● Built expertise in using cold email outreach for client acquisition. Achieved campaign open rates

between 40% and 67%, clickthrough rates between 10% and 25%, and response rates between 3%
and 5%.

Social Media Manager at Position Front Page, Nov 2013 – Feb 2015

● Created social media strategy for Thailand Holiday Homes, a leading Thailand-based villa

rental company.

○ Revamped the company’s Facebook page.
○ Created a social media campaign which increased the number of followers from 252

to 9,112 in 1 month.

○ Wrote and curated posts published to all of Thailand Holiday Home’s social media

channels.

● Managed social media campaign for Bangkok Best Dining, a publication owned by Position

Front Page which reviewed top restaurants in Thailand.

Business Development and Web Marketing Executive at Nirvana Co., Ltd, Bangkok, Thailand from March
2008 to October 2013

● Created content and general design parameters for company websites.
● Search Engine Optimisation.
● Created and managed accounts for LenYa Jewellery, a subsidiary of Nirvana Co., Ltd on

Amazon.com, www.Alibaba.com, and HKTDC.com. Responsibilities included…

○ Creating product listings.
○ Managing product inventory.
○ Listing optimization for better visibility.
○ Managing client requests and concerns.
○ Sorting and identifying prospective clients using SalesForce.

● Achieved record sales performance at the Gems and Jewellery Fair in Hong Kong in

September 2012, and secured first international dealership agreement for LenYa Jewellery.

Internship Program at T.I.M.E. Co Ltd, Bangkok, Thailand from September 2007 to December 2007.

● Created and managed outreach and prospecting for proprietary IT products.
● Managed website content updation, SEO and media partner relations for Asean Affairs, a

publication covering ASEAN news owned by TIME.

● Coordinated with the marketing and editorial Department for website promotion.
● Was part of the organizing team for Asean Affairs Business Council (AABC) Meet held on 9th

Nov, 2007.

Education:

ABAC, ASSUMPTION UNIVERSITY, Bangkok, Thailand

Duration:
Degree:

2006 -2008
MBA, Marketing

CHRISTIAN COLLEGE, Lucknow, UP, India

Duration:
Degree:

2002 – 2005
BA in Sociology, History and English

ARMY PUBLIC SCHOOL, Lucknow, UP, India

Duration:
Degree:

2000 – 2002
Senior School Certificate Examination, 2002 (Arts)

Personal Details:

Nationality:
Date of birth:

Indian
13 November 1983

