POOJA AGNIHOTRI
Public Relations

Skilled public relation professional with experience in fostering
positive relationships between organizations and media. 
 Profound understanding of the importance of good publicity,
reputation management, and timely response to PR inquiries in
the development and success of an organization. Expert writing
abilities with thorough attention to detail, proper formatting
and citation, and concise delivery of interesting facts.      
 Results-oriented professional with experience in corporate
communication, creative services and crisis communications. 

EDUCATION

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Makhanlal Chaturvedi National
University Of Journalism &
Communication

Post Graduation in Advertising
& Public relations in 2020

KMC Language University

Graduation in Journalism &
Mass Communication in 2018

CONTACT

poojaagnihotri907@gmail.com

7905256102,8928300907

2/320 Ruchi Khand 2 Sharda Nagar ,

Lucknow

LANGUAGES

English

Hindi

TOP SKILLS

Canva
Decision Making
Communication
Content Writing
Social Media
Event Management

HCL Technologies | Assistant Manager Mar 2021- Present
My job role is to design content for newsletter, product information,

posters and for their website.

Manage internal and external communication with different modes.

Led and directed team members on effective methods, operations and
procedures

Developed existing team into high productivity, results-oriented unit

through creative initiatives.

Facilitated inquiries and requests from media outlets, verifying legitimacy
of sources.

Performed thorough market research and analysis to communicate
company mission and values.

GERG | Public Relations | Nov 2018 - OCT 2021

There my job role was to write and distribute content to different media
sectors, managing social media accounts of the clients, client servicing,

event management, CSR activities

Measured qualitative and quantitative data in real-time for social media
campaigns.

Coordinated meetings with journalists, bloggers and other members of

media to discuss topics of interest to organization.

Supported marketing team in implementing strategic short and long
marketing plans and PR initiatives.

Handled social media accounts for company to promote and engage

online communities.

Arranged public appearances, lectures, contests and exhibited for clients

to increase product and service awareness and to promote goodwill.

Purchased advertising space to promote client's product or agenda.

Hiavent Innovations | Communication Specialist | Sep 2017
- OCT 2018

There my job role was to write and distribute content to different media

sectors, managing social media accounts of the clients, client servicing,

event management, CSR activities

Measured qualitative and quantitative data in real-time for social media

campaigns.
Coordinated meetings with journalists, bloggers and other members of

media to discuss topics of interest to organization.
Supported marketing team in implementing strategic short and long
marketing plans and PR initiatives.

Handled social media accounts for company to promote and engage online

communities.
Arranged public appearances, lectures, contests and exhibited for clients to
increase product and service awareness and to promote goodwill.

Purchased advertising space to promote client's product or agenda.

