Pooja Joshi 
Phone: +91-9893559063 
Mail to: joshipooja21@gmail.com 

Objective 
Seeking a position that will benefit from my strong technical and skill development experience to create skill development business 
strategies and develop strong company base. 

Core competencies 

  Over 10 years of experience in skill development sector, project management, leadership, and business growth & 

expansion. 
Excellent presentation skills and consultative skills. 
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal 
Preparing Target completion within deadlines. 
Revenue generation: Achieving target of the Company’s Projects. 
Performed competitive analysis. 

 
 
 
 
 
  Attended industry trade shows, exhibitions, seminars and training sessions to promote product and services. 
  Maintaining public relation 
 
 

Exploring new business opportunities 
Coordination between marketing team, training team & client 

Professional Experience 

Marketing Head of Zensoft Technologies Private Limited (2015- till date). Some successfully completed 
programs in my leadership: 

●  PMKVY (NSDC, Govt. of India) trained & successfully certified 172 candidates (2015-16). 
●  BVG recruitment for Dial 108 project in 20 districts of M.P. (2015-16). 
●  Successfully conducted online examinations for Pearson Inc., USA for around 3500 candidates per term (2015-16 & 
2016-17). 
●  Successfully completed ESDM (Skill Development) project with IQBRI Pvt. Ltd. (TSSCI) 2016. 
●  Successfully completed ESDM (Skill Development) project with Adarsh Pvt. ITI (NIELIT) 2017. 
●  From 2017 successfully associated with CRISP and successfully completed so many training assignments in almost 25 
districts. 
●  From 2018 associated with MPCON Ltd. and successfully completed some training assignments in Technical Education 
Dept., M.P. Govt. in 6 districts. 
●  From 2018 associated with CEDMAP and successfully completed skill development training assignments in Tribal 
Welfare dept., M.P. Govt. in 2 districts. 
● 
(2019). 
●  Completed data entry work executed by the team of 10 operator for the US process (outsourced by a Gurgaon based 
BPO) (2019-20). 
● 
team of 30 employees (2019-20). 
● 
● 
program with CRISP (2020-21). 

Successfully completed training of 210 lecturers from all over the M.P. under RGPV, Bhopal (2020-21). 
Successfully completed mobilization, training & placement of 60 candidates from Damoh & Singrauli, M.P. under CSR 

Successfully conducted Dept. of Science & Technology, Govt. of India sponsored training program at MANIT, Bhopal 

Completed social media promotion task for the clients of Indore based App Development Company, executed by the 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Organization 
Designation 
Duration               : Since Dec 2018 – Till Date 

: ProEves  
: Network Lead Digital Marketing (Work from Home) 

FB page  https://www.facebook.com/proevesindia/ 

 
  Working on FB and Instagram page to promotion, lead generation, banner making 
 

Screening Reports for Clients like Amazon, HP, DCB Bank, CISCO, Colgate, HCL and many more on their daycare 
requirement. 

  Building relationship with client / daycares for agreement. 
  Work on MIS sent to/by clients, daycares. 
 
 

Follow up for payments. 
Listing of daycares on portal (www.proeves.com), discussion of marketing plans for revenue generation. 

Organization 
Designation 
Duration           : Since July 2011 – August 2012 

: Endeavor Careers Pvt. Ltd 
:  Centre Manager 

Marketing Responsibility 

Career Counseling, B-school counseling & administrative staff handling. 

Competitor tracking and analyzing market trends 
Lead generation and follow-up with feedback reporting 

  Assisting in brand management 
 
 
  Assisting in front-end operations  
 
●  Organizing seminars and presentations in Colleges & institutes 
●  Brand Promotion with print media & electronic media (Tie-ups, Promotional activities etc.). 
●  Market research for competitor’s information and new updates. 
●  Generating leads by approaching Directors, TPO’s and owner of respective organization and institutes. 
● 

Sharing the product knowledge with the parents/students 

Maintenance & Personnel Management 

●  Vendor Management: Ensuring Timely processing of bills (cross check with tracker), Preparing purchase orders & placing 

orders, Processing of bills , various advance payments 

●  To ensure that follow-up and coordination regarding maintenance issues. 
●  Timely Bill Payments - all fixed ones 
●  Cost cutting 
● 
●  Timely Salary payment , bonus, loan of ALL SUPPORT STAFF 

Follow-up and coordination regarding support staff work and matters of center 

● 

Leave Management  for support staff 

Daily Checks & Reports: 

 Ensuring Monthly schedules, test materials, attendance record are done. 

● 
●  Ensuring class room allocations, handling students disciplinary issues, announcements & notice etc. are handled properly. 
●  Ensuring Updates in batch score card, sms reports, lecture report, library report on a daily basis. 
●  Ensuring operations report is generated on regular basis. 
●  Preparing Batch health report on monthly basis  

 Student and Faculty Student Coordination 

●  Checking notifications for B-schools and  putting them on notice board after approval  from Product Head 
●  Checking notifications for Endeavor events  including mock tests and putting them on  notice board after approval from 

Product  Head 

●  Ensuring that lectures late deviations is reported to Product / Acads head. 
●  Ensuring that any additional lectures are informed to all students by the Ops executive  by phone & SMS both 
●  Ensuring that follow-up with batch mentors & product head on batch transfer request status & admission cancellation. 

 
 
 
Inventory Management & Other Coordination 

Insertion of Master Schedule details into Software, latest by last working day of each  month 

●  Checking inventory status of test papers and generating monthly requests in advance. 
●  Co-ordination and follow-ups of Endeavor Batch Management. 
● 
●  Arrangement and coordination for workshops and seminars. 
●  Mails, Posters, Notices and circulars of workshop, online and paper based CAT /GMAT/GRE Tests and other events. 
●  Co-ordination with IT for online mock tests. 

Petty Cash Management of center. 

Other Activities 

●  Presentation of monthly operational reports  
●  Providing operational training to newly appointed employees. 
● 

Looking after Housekeeping & Cleanliness of center. 

Organization 

: T.I.M.E, Bhopal 

Designation 
Duration 
Responsibilities: 

: Counsellor 
:  Since Aug 08 – June 2011 

●  Career Counseling, B-school counseling. 
● 
●  Online AIMCAT exam Coordination 

Sharing the product knowledge with the parents/students 

Extra Curricula: 

●  NCC ‘C’ Certificate 
●  Organizing various cultural & Activities. 
● 

Served as executive member of the departmental activities. 

Educational Qualifications: 

Qualifications 
Bachelor of 
Engineering 

Institute / Board 
UIT, 
RGPV(Bhopal) 

Year of passing 
2006 

Division 
First 

Personal Details 
Gender 
Nationality 
Date of Birth 
Languages 
Hobbies 

Female 
Indian 
21-11-1983 
English and Hindi 
Travelling, Reading and delivering motivational lectures

I, hereby confirm that all the information given above is correct and there is no exaggeration of any kind in the information 
given above. 

Sincerely, 

Pooja Joshi 

 
                                                                                                                                                                       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
