PRIYESH KHANDELWAL
Di gi tal  Marketi ng

C O N T A C T

P R O F I L E   S U M M A R Y

+91-91111-51707

priyeshkh298@gmail.com

Kothrud, Pune (M.H) 411029

@priyesh_khandelwal

Dedicated Digital Marketing Specialist with 3+ years of experience in SEO, SEM,
and Paid Ads. Adept at driving measurable results through Google Ads, Meta Ads,
and  Strategic  Campaign  Management.  Skilled  in  creating  and  optimizing  digital
marketing  strategies,  leveraging  data  analysis  to  improve  ROI,  and  ensuring
website hygiene and performance.

E D U C A T I O N

W O R K   E X P E R I E N C E

2018 - 2021

PUNE UNIVERSITY

Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com)

2024 - 2026
MIT COLLEGE, PUNE

PGDM in Marketing Management

S K I L L S

Paid Advertising: Google Ads (PPC),

Meta Ads, Search Engine Marketing

SEO Expertise: On-page, Off-page, and

Technical SEO, Content Optimization

Analytics & Tools: Google Analytics,

Google Search Console, Google Tag

Manager

Digital Marketing: Social Media

Marketing, Content Marketing,

Competitor Analysis

Seydeltech India Pvt Ltd 

OCT 2023 - FEB 2025

Digital Marketing Executive (Paid Ads & SEO)

Analyze performance data to identify trends and patterns to improve campaign
effectiveness. 
Monitoring  competitor  activity  to  identify  any  new  strategies  that  may  affect
business goals. 
Analyze performance data and optimize campaigns for better performance. 
Continually monitor, revise, and conduct Landing Page Test and Optimization.
Maintaining Cost with optimum Bid Management of the Keywords. 
Controlling  Average  CPC  (Cost/Clicks)  of  the  Campaigns  by  improving  CTR
(Click through Rate)
Conduct  demographic,  keyword,  and  other  research  related  to  campaign
setup. 
Created reports for management on key metrics such as revenue generated by
each client and campaign performance.

Seagull Advertising 

SEO Executive (SEO & SEM)

Oct 2022 - July 2023

Managed SEM campaigns across various industries, improving ROI by 30%.
Conducted  competitor  analysis  and  implemented  strategies  that  boosted
website rankings on SERPs.
Produced  SEO-friendly  content  for  blogs  and  landing  pages,  enhancing  user
engagement.
Delivered  detailed  analytics  reports 
successes and improvement areas.

to  clients,  highlighting  campaign

Polyscripts InfoTech Pvt Ltd. 

Digital Marketing Executive (SEO & SEM)

Mar 2021 - Aug 2022

Developed and executed SMM strategies, increasing brand visibility by 45%.
Coordinated  with  design  teams  to  produce  impactful  creatives  for  ads  and
social media posts.
Monitored  and  improved  ad  performance  through  A/B  testing  and  budget
optimization.

