S.PRIYADHARSHINI 
19 B chekkadi street 
Sattur 
7305793805 
Priyasamuel1600@gmail.com 

Career Objective: 

      Highly  motivated,  passionate  student  with  proven  leadership  and  organizational  skills. 
Seeking to leverage my talents and ability to work in a team. A positive and friendly attitude and 
follow  direction  easily.  Looking  to  contribute  my  knowledge  and  skills  in  a  desired  field  that 
offers a genuine opportunity for career organization. 

Educational qualification: 

  Post  graduate  degree(MA)  in  public  administration  in  Alagappa  University,Karaikudi 

with CGPA 8.6. 

  Under  graduate  degree(BSc) 

in  Physics 

in  Sri  krishnasamy  Arts  and  science 

college,Mettamalai with CGPA 8.8. 

  HSC in Dr.Radhakrishnan vidhyalaya Matric higher secondary school,sattur with 88%. 
  SSLC in Lalitha lal bagadhur shastri public school,sadayampatti with CGPA 9.6. 

Personal skills: 

  Highly enthusiastic in learning new things 
  Able to manage the situation 
  Time management 

Awards and honours: 

  Thirukural  mamani,Thirukural  thiruvalarselvi    for  reciting  1330  couplets  of 

thirukural. 

  Discipline student of RKV 
  Best student of SKC 
  Participated various competitions in college level and won many prizes. 
  University second rank holder in ENGLISH subject(Madurai kamaraj university)-

2017-2020 

  University first rank in MA Public administration, Alagappa University Karaikudi. 
  World  Record  Holder  –  Recited  380  Thirukurals  in  2  minutes  25  seconds  and  it  is 

officially registered in Lincoln book of world Records. 

World record link:  https://youtu.be/osZfh-dJzf4 

 
 
Social activity: 

  Visited St.Joseph hospice,Dindugal and served the old people. 
  Member of NAM BHARATHA SEVAI CHARITABLE TRUST 

Designation: 

Currently working as a Research Assistant in ICSSR Project in Kongu Engineering 

College, Perundurai. 

Personal details: 

Date of birth 

: 16/05/2000 

Gender 

: FEMALE 

Marital status 

: Unmarried 

Educational qualification  : BSc.,MA 

Father’s name 

: V.Samuel Thangaraj 

Mother’s name 

: R.Thangarani 

Religion 

: Christian 

Phone number 

: 7305793805 

Declaration: 

I hereby declare that all the information given above by me is true and correct to my knowledge. 

Sattur, 

Yours truly, 

16/05/2023                                                                                                 S.Priyadharshini.                                      

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
