                                Email: priyankashetty5@gmail.com   Mobile: +91 97310 87130 
ABOUT ME 

Priyanka R Shetty 

Seeking the position of  an  Outreach  Specialist  to leverage  my excellent  written communication skills and 
proven  experience  in  managing  large  volumes  of  emails  to  drive  successful  outreach  campaigns.  With  a 
creative  mindset  and  the  ability  to  collaborate  effectively  with  team  members,  I  aim  to  contribute  to  the 
improvement  of  outreach  strategies  and  achieve  positive  results  for  clients.  Experience  utilizing  industry-
leading SEO tools such as Ahrefs, Kendo, Moz etc. and backlink analysis.  

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

TURING, Remote, India  
Outreach Specialist, Jun 2022 – Dec 2022 
 Increased brand awareness and boosted public perception of organization through proactive outreach and 

network development with key stakeholders, 

 Built and maintained contact and referrals database for leads across NORAM, LATAM and APAC regions. 
 Converted 30+ prospects into clients every month with excellent communication and negotiation skills. 

SRIVARU MARINE INDUSTRIES, Udupi, India 
People Operations Associate, Sep 2020 – Apr 2022 
 Managed different stages of employee lifecycle.  
 Conducted audits and recommended corrective actions.  
 Screened resumes submitted via company job boards and conducted interviews with potential candidates.  

SODEXO GROUP HQ, Paris, France 
Total Rewards and Global Mobility Intern, Jun 2019 – Dec 2019 
 Designed Expatriate compensation and benefits package by referring to Mercer Data and assisted in Job 

Evaluation and Grading using Hays Methodology.  

 Saved  10%  cost,  added  more  services  by  developing  Request  for  Proposals  to  identify  potential  service 

providers.   

 Prepared SLAs, cost projection reports and dashboards. Assessed employee experience of 300+ expatriates. 

BASSETTI GROUP/GRENOBLE ECOLE DE MANAGEMENT, Grenoble, France  
HR Student Consultant / Live Business Case, Oct 2018 – May 2019 
 Analyzed the organization’s HR Employer Branding for talent attraction, retention, and online presence, 
 Conducted market research to track the latest trends and tools. 
 Provided 12+ innovative and sustainable recommendations for increased brand awareness. 

EDUCATION 

GRENOBLE ECOLE DE MANAGEMENT, Grenoble, France 
M.Sc. International Human Resource Management in the digital age, Graduated July 2020,    Grade: 16.32/20 

ADDITIONAL SKILLS 

 IT Skills:  Microsoft Office Suite, MS Excel, Tableau, PowerBI, Google Workspace, Hibob, Slack, Asana,          

SAP HCM, Mercer, Hunter, Snov.   

 Languages: English: C2, French: A2, German: A1 

 
 
     
 
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
