PUSHPA KUMARI S

C o n t e n t   W r i t e r

7406885714

pushpakumaris411@gmail.com

ABOUT ME

Bangalore, Karnataka

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts in Psychology,
Journalsim & Communicative
English

Jyoti Nivas College Autonomous
2020 - 2023

HEBA (2nd PU)

JyotiNivas Pre-university College

2018 - 2020

EXPERTISE

Content Writing

Copywriting

Content Editing

SEO

Marketing

Content Designing

LANGUAGE

English Hindi

Dedicated and results-driven professional with 1 year of
experience in content writing. Adept at doing keyword research,
content writing, and content editing. Known for my strong critical
thinking and problem-solving abilities, collaborative approach,
and commitment to achieving organizational objectives. I am
seeking a challenging role where I can leverage my skills and
contribute to the success of a dynamic team.

WORK EXPERIENCE

August 2023- Present
OTO Capital l Sector 3, HSR layout

SEO Content Writer

I'm  currently  working  at  'OTO  Capital'  as  an  SEO  content  writer.  With  a
in
track  record  of  crafting  and  publishing  50+  blogs, 
researching  keywords,  content  designing,  editing,  and  copywriting.
Proficient in on-page SEO, I contribute to enhancing the online visibility and
reach of our content.

I  specialize 

Blog link: https://www.otocapital.in/blogs

Jan 2023 - Feb 2023
This Week India News l Internship

News Reporter

I  interned  at  'This  Week  India  News  Organisation'  as  a  news  reporter.  My

role involved attending both virtual and physical press conferences, where I

reported  on  various  events.  One  notable  experience  was  attending  the

Teach  For  India  Panel  Discussion  on  'Education  for  Equity,'  contributing  to

my understanding of critical issues in education.

April 2021 - June 2021 
YOLO l Internship

Community Manager

During  my  3-month  internship  at  YOLO,  I  was  the  Community  Manager.  My

main  responsibilities  included  regularly  sharing  posts  in  the  Facebook

group, writing blogs on assigned topics, and actively participating in online

campaigns like 'Mental Health May.' I also enjoyed creating memes to add
a touch of fun to our community interactions.

