RAHUL RAGHUWANSHI 

  MBA – Digital Entrepreneurship | 
Amity University | 2022-2024 

  BBA – Marketing | Amity University| 

2015 - 2018 

  D.P.S R.K Puram | Batch – 2015 

Contact Details  

Ph. +91-9560775707 

Mail. rahul.raghuwanshi.work@outlook.com  

Location. Lodhi Road, New Delhi, India 

Career Objective 

To gain experience in a firm where I can utilize my skills and become a successful entrepreneur  

Personality Traits 

• 

• 

• 

• 

Good communication skills 

Believes in smart working 

Confident and convincing ability 

Ability to quickly grasp new concepts 

Extra-Curricular Activities  

  Completed 10 levels of ICMAS Abacus Training Programme. (2005-2009) 
  Participated in ICMAS Abacus State Championship (2005-06) 
  Participation in ASSET 2005, Assessment of Scholastic Skills through Educational Testing 
  Participation in ACER 2005 (Global Achieve, International Assessment for Improving Learning 
  Participation in Science Exhibition 2007 held at DPS Vasant Vihar 
  Participation in Vigyan Prasar Science Activity Camp, 2007 
  Participation in National Rail Museum The Creative Express Summer Camp, 2007 
  Participation in Scholar Sports Coaching Camp for Squash at DPS RK Puram (2008) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Third Position in Armaan Dogra Memorial Football Tournament 2010, held at DPS RK Puram 
  Second Position in Armaan Dogra Memorial Football Tournament, 2011, held at DPS RK 

Puram 

  Best Goalkeeper in Armaan Dogra Memorial Football Tournament 2011, held at DPS RK 

Puram 

  Participation in Armaan Dogra Memorial Football Tournament 2012, held at DPS RK Puram 
  Second Position and Captain of ASB Squash team played in Sangathan 2016 at Amity 

University, 2016 

  Second Position and Captain of ASB Squash team played in Sangathan 2017 at Amity 

University, 2017 

  Participation in Entrepreneurship Camp, 2016 held at Amity University. 

EDUCATION 

  Masters of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Digital Entrepreneurship, Amity University | 

2022 – 2024 

  Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.), Marketing Amity Business School, Amity 

University, Noida | 2015 – 2018 

  Senior Secondary, XII, Science, Delhi Public School RK Puram (CBSE board) 

Year of completion: 2015 Percentage: 72.00% 

  Secondary X, Delhi Public School RK Puram (CBSE board) 

Year of completion: 2013 CGPA 8.00/10 

Job Experience 

Talent Corner HR Services 

Recruiter | Remote | July 2023 – Present 

1. Developing and implementing recruitment strategies and plans aligned with the organization's 
goals and objectives. 

2. Developing and implementing effective sourcing and recruitment strategies to attract and hire 
qualified candidates. This includes job posting and resume screening. 

3. Developing and promoting the organization's employer brand to attract top talent. This involves 
creating and maintaining a positive image of the organization in the job market through various 
channels. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. Establishing and maintaining relationships with the relevant organizations to expand the talent 
pool and enhance recruitment opportunities. 

5. Collaborating with hiring managers, department heads, and other stakeholders to understand 
their recruitment needs, provide regular updates, and deliver on their requirements. 

6. Generating regular reports on recruitment activities, key metrics, and hiring trends to provide 
insights and recommendations to senior management. 

CoffeeMug 

Community Relationship Associate | Delhi| February 2023 – June 2023 

1. 

Introducing prestigious leaders and members to CoffeeMug's leadership networking platform 

Tagging and slotting the industry leaders into the right sphere on the platform to initiate 

2. 
successful meetings 

Interacting with the members (via email/WhatsApp) for smooth operations and ensuring 

3. 
they get the best experience & relevant connections 

4. 

Managing the engagement activities for the CoffeeMug community 

ABL Workspaces 

Community Manager | Delhi | December 2022 – February 2023 

Managing all Center operations at our co-working space- including vendor management and 

1. 
event management - this part of the role will be supported by the operations team, accounts team 
and events and marketing team. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 

Point of contact for all client requirements at our Centers including issue resolutions 

Maintaining proper records of all the expenses and purchases done at the centre. 

Responsible for the timely rent recovery I.e. 7th of every month. 

Assistance in sales including responding to sales queries, managing centre visits  

Responsible for the overall hygiene, cleanliness and look and feel of the center. 

Maintaining google ratings of your center at a minimum of 4.5. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Maintain an inventory sheet of your centre having the information of which client is sitting 

8. 
where and what is the current occupancy rate of the centre, the sheet will be shared withevery 
concerned department at the end of the day daily 

Mim-Essay 

In-House Counsellor I Delhi I September 2022 – December 2022 

1. Handling customer operations and assisting with follow-ups via email, calls and messaging  

2. Assisting with day-to-day operations and handling potential client queries on various platforms  

3. Leading and tracking client onboarding processes 

4. Establish trusted relationships with the students & guiding them end-to-end with the applications 

5. Conduct calls with clients to understand their profile in-depth and provide them with educational 
counselling 

6. Assist with application filling work for college applications of students 

7. Lead and contribute to website and platform improvement projects 

8. Manage the database regularly to improve the efficiency of the organization 

Internship Experience 

Sciex 

Customer Service Intern I Delhi I Oct 2020 - Nov 2021 

Complete timely and accurate booking of FOC and warranty in the ERP or alternate site 

1. 
depending on whether the order is local or direct 

2. 

3. 

Complete the quotation process for spares and consumables in a timely manner 

Miscellaneous Work 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eden Retirement Living 

Operation Intern I Delhi I May 2019 - Jul 2019 

Creating MailChimp lists with available data for bulk mailing and understanding the working 

1. 
of MailChimp software 

2. 

Creating WhatsApp broadcast groups and adding existing clients for the campaign promotion 

Square Yards 

Field Sales Intern I Noida I Jun 2018 - Oct 2018 

• 

• 

• 

• 

Meeting and exceeding sales targets 

Successfully creating business from new and existing customer accounts 

Managing complex negotiations with senior-level executives 

Building rapport and establish long term relationships with customers 

Megamind Oversee Education 

Admissions Counsellor Intern – IELTS I Delhi I May 2018 - Jul 2018 

Assessment of the student on the basis of IELTS, latest educational transcript, percentage and marks 
in Xth and XIIth standard. Providing various suitable options of colleges and universities in Canada 

ISANO 

Coordinator Intern I Virtual I Feb 2018 - May 2018 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

Coordinatiing operations Marketing 

Maintaining and developing IT and other organisational systems for the company 

Training new members Developing content ideas Developing client relationships 

Ensuring all CRM systems are updated 

Homeli 

Market Research Intern I Delhi I Jan 2018 - Feb 2018 

Building a report on the perception of people residing in South Delhi who can afford the upcoming 
project via surveys and doing primary research and analysing the audience which can be the 
prospective clients based on various factors such as income 

Pepdeck Technologies 

Data Curator Intern I Virtual I Nov 2016 - Mar 2017 

1. 

2. 

Online research in order to find the contents suitable for the particular catalogue 

Submitting weekly report with at least 500-600 gathered contents. 

Vianaar Homes 

Public Relations And Marketing Intern I Delhi I May 2016 - Jul 2016 

Executing the Plan - Designing & Posting content on social media platforms like Facebook, 

1. 
Twitter, Google plus, Pinterest, Instagram, Snapchat, YouTube & Blogs etc. 

2. 

Driving Traffic from Social Media, Measure & Optimize 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes Milenge 

SEO Admin Intern I Virtual I Feb 2016 - Apr 2016 

1. Publishing new contents over the blog in order to increase the SEO 

2. Gathering notes, previous years’ exam question papers, assignments and miscellaneous 
documents to upload them on the portal. 

Skills 

  Communication - Very Good 
  Excel – Very Good 
  Social Media Marketing – Good 
  Self-Direction – Excellent 
  Listening skills – Excellent 
  Creative Problem Solving – Excellent 
  CRM – Very Good 
  Administrative Support – Excellent 
  Receiving Support – Very Good 
  Cold Calling – Average 
  Email Marketing – Very Good  
  Business Writing – Very Good 
  Digital Marketing – Good 
  SEO – Good 
  Canva – Good 
  Adobe Photoshop - Good 

Languages 

English Proficiency – Very Good 

German Proficiency – Average 

Hindi Proficiency – Excellent 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Family Background 

  Father – Ministry of Railway  
  Mother - Housewife 
  Brother – Software Engineer at TATA Consultancy Service 

I hereby declare that the information provided in this resume is true, complete, and accurate to the 
best of my knowledge and belief. 

Rahul Raghuwanshi 

New Delhi 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
