Raunak Sharma

raunaksharma816@gmail.com

91 7903923054

Jamui

EDUCATION

B.Tech, Electrical Engineering

Government Engineering College , Jamui

2020  2024

CGPA 8.54/10

Senior Secondary (XII, Science

BIHAR BOARD OF OPEN SCHOOLING AND
EXAMINATION,PATNA board

Year of completion: 2019

Percentage: 65.00%

Secondary (X

Sri Viswasanthi Institutions , Vuyyuru, Near Vijayawada, AP

CBSE,DELHI board)

Year of completion: 2016

CGPA 9.60/10

WORK EXPERIENCE

Ethical Hacking

Internshala Trainings, Patna

Internship • May 2022  Jul 2022 2 months)

I HAVE COMPLETED ETHICAL HACKING FROM INTERNSHALA

Cyber Security

CISCO AICTE VIRTUAL INTERNSHIP PROGRAM, Jamui

Internship • May 2022  Jun 2022 2 months)

I HAVE SUCCESSFULLY COMPLETED MY VIRTUAL
INTERNSHIP PROGRAM IN CYBER SECURITY CONDUCTED
BY CISCO & AICTE.

TRAININGS

Top performer (Programming with Python Training)

Verified and added by Internshala Trainings

Analog & Digital Electronics

Internshala Trainings, Online

Jun 2023  Jul 2023

EV Advanced Certification

Internshala Trainings, Online

Jun 2023  Jun 2023

EV Fundamentals

Internshala Trainings, Online

May 2023  May 2023

EV Business

Internshala Trainings, Online

Apr 2023  Apr 2023

Fundamentals In Artificial Intelligence & Block Programming

IHUB Divya Sampark At "Indian Institute Of
Technology,Roorkee", Online

Feb 2023  Mar 2023

Programming With Python

Internshala Trainings, Online

Feb 2023  Mar 2023

Successfully completed a 6 weeks online certified training on
Programming with Python. The training consisted of
Introduction to Python, Using Variables in Python, Basics of
Programming in Python, Principles of Object-oriented
Programming (OOP, Connecting to SQLite Database,
Developing a GUI with PyQT, Application of Python in Various
Disciplines, and The Final Project modules. I scored 100% in
the final assessment and was a top performer in the training.

Internship & Job Preparation

Internshala Trainings, Online

Jul 2022  Aug 2022

Successfully completed a 4 weeks online certified training on
Internship & Job Preparation. The training consisted of Getting
Started with the Job Hunt, Building up your Gears, Going at
the Front, and The Final Project modules. In the final
assessment, I scored 80% marks.

Soft Skills

NPTEL Online Certification, Online

Jul 2022  Oct 2022

I have successfully completed 12 week "soft skills" course
conducted by NPTEL online certification with IIT,Roorkee.

CyberSecurity Essentials

Cisco networking academy, Online

Jun 2022  Jul 2022

SUCCESSFULLY Completed
* Describe the tactics, techniques and procedures used by
cyber
criminals.
*Describe the principles of confidentiality, integrity, and
availability as
they relate to data states and cybersecurity countermeasures.
*Describe technologies, products and procedures used to
protect
confidentiality, ensure integrity and provide high availability.
*Explain how cybersecurity professionals use technologies,
processes

and procedures to defend all components of the network.
*Explain the purpose of laws related to cybersecurity.

Ethical Hacking

Internshala Trainings, Online

May 2022  Jul 2022

Successfully completed a 8 weeks online certified training on
Ethical Hacking. The training consisted of Basics of
Information Security and Computer Networking, Information
Gathering and Basics of Web Development, Introduction to
Web VAPT, OWASP and SQL Injections, Advanced Web
Application Attacks, Client Side Attacks, Identifying Security
Misconfigurations and Exploiting Outdated Web Applications,
Automating VAPT and Secure Code Development,
Documenting and Reporting Vulnerabilities, and The Final
Project modules. In the final assessment, I scored 71% marks.

IT Essentials

Cisco networking academy, Online

Jan 2022  Feb 2022

*Select and install the appropriate computer components to
build, repair,
or upgrade personal computers.
*Demonstrate
*Appropriate use of tools to perform preventive maintenance
and
troubleshooting on personal computers.... /> *Perform
installation, repair, maintenance, and troubleshooting of
Windows operating systems.
*Explain the operation of local area networks and configure
devices to
connect to LANs and the Internet.
*Configure devices to connect to the Internet and Cloud
services.
*Explain how to configure, repair, upgrade, maintain, and
troubleshoot
laptops and mobile devices.
*Explain how to configure, secure and troubleshoot mobile,
OS X, and
Linux operating systems.
*

English Communication Skill Training.

Aryabhatta Knowledge University, Patna, Online

Sep 2021  Sep 2021

Successful completed English communication Skill training
from "Aryabhatta knowledge university, patna" By Softpro
india computer technologies private limited, lucknow.

Basics Of Financial Markets

Elearnmarkets, Online

Jul 2020  Aug 2020

Successful completed "Basic of financial markets" from
Elearnmarkets.

PROJECTS

Power Transmission lines

Jan 2023  Feb 2023

transmission lines are used to connect power stations and
substations, and for connections between substations, in
order to efficiently transmit large amounts of electricity at high
voltage without loss, and therefore play a crucial role in
project.

Fully automatic water level controller with up and down
tank sensor.

Mar 2022  Apr 2022

A water level indicator sensor, also known as a probe sensor,
is what tells the control panel that corrective action is needed.
A combination of high and low sensors are used to tell the
control panel when water levels are too high or too low

SKILLS

Adobe Photoshop

C Programming

Intermediate

Intermediate

Digital Marketing

Intermediate

MSOffice

Advanced

MSExcel

Advanced

MSWord

Advanced

Python

Beginner

MSPowerPoint

Advanced

Web Application Security

Beginner

Artificial Intelligence

Beginner

