Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India 

raunaqfatima110@gmail.com 

RAUNAQ FATIMA 

OBJECTIVE 

I  am  a  biotechnology  postgraduate  with  excellent  research  aptitudes.  With  strong  hold  on  demonstrated 
ability to apply academic knowledge and laboratory expertise, I’ve gained scientific conclusions translated 
to human health and medicine. Looking forward for research opportunity in pathogenesis of lethal human 
diseases and treatment via novel drug development and procedure optimization for betterment of mankind. 

EDUCATION 

Jaypee Institute of Information Technology, Noida-62, India 

2021 

●  Master of Technology, Biotechnology, CGPA: 8/10 

●  2-year full-time program including 6 months of research in Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute 

of Medical Sciences, Lucknow, India. 

Integral University, Lucknow, India 

2019 

●  Bachelor of Technology, Biotechnology, CGPA: 6.52/10 

●  4-year full-time program including 6 months of research in Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute 

of Medical Sciences, Lucknow, India. 

PROJECTS & INTERNSHIP 

Dissertation, Jaypee Institute of Information Technology, Noida-62, India 

2021 

●  Part A: The research evaluates the cardiomyogenic potential of Amniotic Fluid derived MSCs 
originated from Isolated Fetal Cardiac Defective Fetuses in comparison to normal fetuses. 

●  Part  B:  Exploration  of  potential  inhibitors  of  enzyme  squalene  monooxygenase  from 

traditional herbal plants, to increase the production of adjuvant ‘squalene’. 

Dissertation, Integral University, Lucknow, India 

2019 

●  The  project  involved  the  quantification  of  miRNAs  from  bone  marrow  samples  of  affected 

patients, to define disease-specific miRNAs. 

Additional Projects 

●  Environmental issues related to Wastewater Management, Sanitation and Municipal Solid 

Wastewater Management: A Survey (JIIT) 

●  Biomaterials form Marine Waste (JIIT) 

● 

In-silico study on Quorum Sensing in Body Implants (JIIT) 

 
 
 
PUBLICATION 

Jain, Manali, Neeta Singh, Raunaq Fatima, Aditya Nachanekar, Mandakini Pradhan, Soniya  Nityanand, 

and  Chandra  Prakash  Chaturvedi.  "Amniotic  fluid  mesenchymal  stromal  cells  derived  from  fetuses  with 

isolated  cardiac  defects  exhibit  decreased  proliferation  and  cardiomyogenic  potential." Biology 12,  no.  4 

(2023): 552. 

https://doi.org/10.3390/biology12040552 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

Nobiswright Pvt. Ltd.                                                                                    April 2023 to April, 2024 

Content Writing 

●  Conducting in-depth research on topics in order to develop original high-quality content. 

●  Developing  creative  and  technical  content  for  blogs,  articles,  product  descriptions,  social 

media and web pages. 

●  Proofreading, editing, and SEO optimization for content enhancement. 

Xfinito Biodesigns Pvt. Ltd. (zeuron.ai) 

June, 2022 to February, 2023 

Research Associate 

●  Review analyses on patient record (diagnostic, therapeutic and nutritional aspects) of acute and 

chronic diseases for clinical management and product design. 

●  Demonstrated research experience in Active and Passive Gait Analysis for product development. 

● 

Independent  research  on  the  development  of  digital  cognitive  games,  phygital  (physical-digital) 
cognitive games via Python and Flutter. 

KEY SKILLS 

●  Animal  Cell  Culture:  Amniotic 

fluid,  Bone  marrow,  Umbilical  cord  blood  & 

Cardiomyogenic cells, cryopreservation and cell reviving 

●  Molecular  Biology  Techniques:  RNA  &  DNA  isolation  and  culture,  PCR,  RT-PCR,  Thin 

Layer chromatography, UV & Nanodrop spectroscopy 

●  Immunological Technique: Immunocytochemistry 

●  Cell  Biology  Techniques:  Flow  cytometry,  adipogenic,  osteogenic  and  chondrogenic 

differentiation, growth kinetics 

●  Bioinformatics  Tools:  Molecular  docking  by  AutoDock  and  UCSF  Chimera,  Cygwin, 

Discovery Studio 

●  Programming/Software  Proficiency:  Python,  Dart  on  Flutter,  MIT  App  Inventor,  XL  sheet 

and MS Office, Statistical analysis  software 

●  Writing: Creative and technical writing and editing, scientific writing, SEO optimization 

●  Soft/Interpersonal Skills: Good laboratory practices, critical thinking/problem solving, attention 
collaboration
teamwork,  mentoring, 

communication, 

networking 

details, 

and 

to 

ACCOMPLISHMENTS 

●  Selected as campus ambassador of the Axalta campaign organized by IIT DELHI. 

●  Volunteered as Manufacturing food safety supervisor (FSSAI). 

●  Training  in  Stem  Cell  Research  Center  &  Department  of  Hematology, SGPGIMS, 

Lucknow (2019 and 2021). 

●  Volunteered in National Social Services (NSS) 

●  Volunteered for NGOs-Seva Sankalp, Old-Age Organization and Blood Donation Organization 

●  Participated in a one-day training program on ‘Food Safety Management System’ by the HALAL 

SHARIAT ISLAMIC LAW BOARD 

●  Participated and Won in Literary and Technical events. Active participant in SPORTS (won 

trophies) 

●  Selected as a top Department Cricket player and team leader in table-tennis 

●  Participated in InQUIZitive and QUIZZARD 

PERSONAL PROFILE 

Date of Birth 
Father’s Name 
Sex 
Marital Status 
Nationality 
Domicile 
Language Known 

: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 
: 

22-03-1996 
Syed Qamrul Hasan Naqvi 
Female 
Single 
Indian 
Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh 
English, Hindi, Urdu. 

DECLARATION 

I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

Raunaq Fatima 

 
 
 
 
