RIDDHIMA PARKAR

+91 977 302 4249 |riddhimaparkar@gmail.com |Navi Mumbai, Maharastra |Remote |

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/riddhimaparkar/|Degree: BAMMC (Advertising ‘22) |

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Experienced digital professional with 2 years of expertise in content strategy, brand building, and
maintaining long-term client relations. Skilled in diverse sectors such as EdTech, Internet, Publishing, and
Entertainment. Committed to exceeding stakeholder expectations through creative efforts.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Core Skills
Digital Skills
Software and Tools
Project Management & Tracking Tools
Languages Known

Content Creation, Creative Writing, Copywriting, Proofreading
SEO, SMM, SEM
Prismic, UberSuggest, Later, Grammarly, SurferSEO, Slack
Notion, Slack, Trello, Google Workspace, and MS Office
English, Hindi, and Marathi

PROFESSIONAL SNAPSHOT
Winspark Innovations Learning Private Limited /Public Speaking Expert - English Teacher
Apr 2023 - Present (Freelancing)
● Provide impactful training in corporate communication and English language fundamentals to young and
seasoned professionals. ● Deliver impactful training, create customized lessons, foster growth, and help
individuals improve public speaking abilities.

5W1H Solutions Pvt. Ltd. /Deputy Manager - Copywriter
Jan 2023 – Mar 2023 (Contract-based)
● Understanding the nuances and trends of international events and ticketing software industry.
● Developed compelling content for various advertising materials, for digital ads, and social media posts.
● Worked closely with clients and the creative team to meet project objectives and exceed expectations.

Yapsody India Pvt. Ltd. / Creative Content & Communication Executive
Sep 2022 – Nov 2022
●Collaborated on creative copywriting, ensuring brand consistency and effectiveness across print and digital
campaigns. ● Developing blogs, and UI/UX writing for main as well as microsites.
● Building a brand image and identity for a global audience for a new product while coordinating with the
design, SEO, social media, and others across time zones.

TeachEdison Pvt. Ltd / Content Marketing Associate
Nov 2021 – Sep 2022 (Intern > Associate)
● Brainstorm with the team for new and innovative content marketing ideas and strategies.
● Assisted in publishing well-researched e-books with 500+ downloads.
● Increased impressions of Social Media accounts by 250%. ● Contributed to developing landing pages
that increased engagement by 300%. ● Spearheaded the structural design process for the blogs
section. ● Write various forms of pieces for content marketing purposes such as long-form articles,
e-books, blog posts, and buy lines with effective SEO-friendly content.

ClassPlus Lite (Bunch Microtechnologies Pvt. Ltd.)/ Content Marketing Intern
Sept 2020 – May 2021
● Published blog content that attracts 10,000+ monthly teachers and assisted in-app engagement.
● Craft content for sources like websites, contests, in-app banners, email campaigns, and advertisements,
amongst others.

CERTIFICATIONS
● Content Marketing: Blogging for Business
● International SEO.
● Brand Marketing and SEO Tools using Wix

● Successful Negotiation: Essential Strategies
● Writing Ad copy
● Marketing Tools: SEO

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
● Editor and writer of the College's Annual magazine, SPECTRUM.
● Won 1st prize in various debates, and received appreciation for participation in various activities like

anchoring, debates, olympiads, etc.

