Ripti Verma 

Digital Marketer 

Jaipur, Rajasthan, India, 

             +91-9521744581 

riptiverma53@gmail.com 

ripti.ranjana7825@gmail.com 

To be the best Digital Marketer and to be the most Valuable asset 
to any organization. 

Digital Marketing, Website Designing (Word press), Canva 
Designer, SEO, ON-PAGE SEO, OFF PAGE SEO, Content 
Writing / Blogging, YouTube SEO, Social Media Marketing, 
Google ADS, Google Console 

Objectives 

ㅡ 

Skills 

ㅡ 

Experience with Being 
Topper Inst. 

Practical Exposure: 

       1.  Digital Marketing 

       2. Website Designing 

       3.  SEO SKILLS  

On-page – Knowledge of Alt tags, Title tag, Anchor text, 
Meta Description, Meta Keywords, Keyword Research, 
Image Optimization, Content Optimization, Sitemap 
Generation,etc.  

Off-page – Social Bookmarking submission, Directory 
submission, Blog Submission, Blog posting, Guest 
Posting, Business Listing, Profile Link, Article 
submission, Comment posting Article formatting, Forum 
posting, Tier- 2 link building, Video Submission, etc.  

SEO Tools – Google Analytics, Webmaster tool, Answer 
the Public, Ahref, Google Search Console, Small Seo 
Tools 

4.  E- mail Marketing – Mail Chimp 

5. Content Writing / Blogging/Article  

6. Social Media Marketing – Facebook, Instagram, 
LinkedIn 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7. YouTube SEO (Podcast). 

8. Google Ads, Facebook Ads 

9. Canva Design 

Projects Executed :: 

Develop site www.digitalardents.com 

           And for Interior Designer Client, Spacecraft  

       Graphics Work for Instagram & Facebook Post and Linked In. 

1.  1. Completed Internship with Vlebazaar, E-Commerce as a 
Social Media Intern from 15th July to 16th August 2023.  

2.  Role: 

  Assist in the development and execution of social media 
Internship                                                                                                                  
strategies to increase brand awareness and engagement across 
various platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, 
LinkedIn, etc. 

  Create engaging and compelling content (including but not 

limited to posts, graphics, and videos) tailored to each platform 
and our target audience. 

  Help manage the social media content calendar, scheduling 

posts, and ensuring timely delivery of content. 

  Stay up-to-date with the latest social media trends, tools, and 

best practices to continuously enhance our strategy. 

3.  2. Working in FAR 1 Technology Venture of ADFAR 

Technology IT Company as a Digital Marketer Intern – from 27th 
July 2023 till now.   

4.  Role: 

  Writing Technical Article , https://aladfargroup.com/blog/ 

(visit the site to see the blog) 

  Create designs through Canva, 

  Searching keywords , analyzing the competitors through 

different tools  

  Check the plagiarism then Upload on Word press 

elementor  

  Doing SEO for that blog then published, and then work on 
Google Console to check the performance of the site, 
issues and indexing the page. 

  working on YouTube Podcast  SEO  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Education 

            BCA from MCRP University Bhopal in 2001. 

MBA - Shiva Institute of Management Studies, Ghaziabad. 
Approved by AICTE, and Affiliated to DR. B.R. 
Ambedkar Univ. Agra.  Batch 2004- 2006. 

Digital Marketing Professional Course - Being Topper, 
2020 

Certifications  

Google my Business, YouTube Google Ads, Digital Marketing 

 
 
 
                                  
 
 
 
