Ritesh A. Shiwankar 

Mo: +91 7588772566 /+91 8956682556 
Email: ritesh.shivankar@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ritesh-shiwankar-7b4513a7/ 

Career Objective- 
To obtain a challenging position in high-quality engineering and supply chain management environment where my 
resourceful experience and academic skills will add value to organizational growth. 

   Work Experiences- 

1. Ntex transportation services Pvt. Ltd. Pune (ElasticRun) 

   Academics: 

  Team Lead -Central operations & Products (Sept 2019 to Present) 
   ElasticRun providing technology led SCM solutions to rural B2B &  
   B2C FMCG Distribution network and E-Commerce platform. 

•  Handling  daily  FMCG,  Credit backend operations  activity 

of the FMCG Credit Product centrally. 

•  Providing L1 support, chat support, Tickets resolution as  
per SOPs to the field team/Customers in given TAT. 
Identifying  and  evaluating  existing  processes  within  the 
organization to understand inefficiencies, bottlenecks and 
areas for improvement in system. 

• 

•  Provide strong reporting & analytical information to the  
Management, Sales & Tech team in a timely manner. 
•  Work closely through E-mail, calls, virtual meetings with 
Vendors,  Key  stakeholders,  developers  &  customers  for 
regular updates to bring the right product to the market. 
•  System configuration, Onboarding, mapping, PO, SI issues 
resolution and back-end support as per requirements. 
•  FMCG  Credit  data  reconciliation  with  a  different 
integrated system & to resolve discrepancies flagged in it. 
•  Understand  and  analyze  user  needs  and  gather  product 

❖ MBA (Operations and Logistics): 
2019: 1st division, RTM Nagpur 
University. 

❖ B.E.(Electrical): 2014: 1st division, 

RTM Nagpur University. 

    Software/Tools: - 

❖ JIRA 
❖ OTRS tool 
❖ Metabase for reports 
❖ Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, 

PowerPoint 

❖ Google Suite: Google Sheets, 
Docs, Slides, Forms etc. 

  Certifications: 

❖ Advanced Excel 
❖ Data and Business Analytics 
❖ Google Analytics 

 Skills: 

requirements for Process improvement. 

❖ Business data processing and 

•  Co-ordinate with the teams across PAN India (state head, 
Ops/Sales  Area  Manager,  station  team)  along  with  the 
leadership team. 

•  Collaborated with Cross-functional teams to ensure swift 

resolution of complex customer issues. 

•  Support:-  UAT’s,  SOP  upgradation,  Backend  KYC 

verification of retailers. 

analysis 

❖ Process Improvement 
❖ Root cause analysis 
❖ Stakeholder Management 
❖ Product Management 
❖ Customer Relationship 

Management 

❖ Leadership 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  2.   R C Plasto tanks and Pipes Pvt Ltd, Nagpur  

Operation Engineer (Production) (June 2018 – July 2019) 

•  Coordination with the Production, Quality and sales  

team to achieve their requirements. 

   Accomplishments: 

❖ Shining Star Award (2019) 
❖ Best Employee (Suzlon) (2016) 

•  Vendor Management. 
•  Production, Planning and Control- PVC, CPVC, ASTM pipes. 
•  Data management and Documentation for ISO audits. 
•  Analysis and troubleshooting the Internal complaints 
related to process, material and finished goods. 

❖ Extra Curriculum: 

  3.  Suzlon Energy Ltd, Magarpatta Pune 

  Engineer (Projects) (December 2015 to February 2017)  

      Joined as Trainee Engineer in Suzlon with India’s 1st hybrid  
      (120 meters) windmill project & successfully completed 65.1MW  
      project. Completed 63 MW project in Kod MP site. (Renew) 
•  Responsible for planning, scheduling, and monitoring 
• 
•  Responsible for achieving targets in terms of work speed,  

 day-to-day programs with a team. 

❖ Participated National level 

seminar at Govt Engg. College 
Jalgaon. 

❖ Participated in various cultural 

activities held at School & College 
Level. 

Personal Details: 

❖ Marital Status: Unmarried 
❖ Languages Known: English, Hindi, 

Marathi 

quality, safety, and cost. 

•  MIS preparation.  
•  To ensure Quality execution as per design standards. 
•  To coordinate ground team, operations, and project  

Team for smooth execution of Project. 

   Permanent Address: 

❖ 201, Behind Aarya car 

showroom, At.Post. Tah. Dist. 
Gadchiroli 442605 

   Current Address: 

❖ A202 Sai Shree Pimple 
saudagar Pune- 411027 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
