Ritika Saini

sainiritika604@gmail.com 
9891054098 
Sector 11, Rohini 
Delhi, Delhi

Summary

Versatile Content Writer profcient in researching, writing and editing diverse content. Works with minimal input to
produce engaging, authoritative and error-free work. Autonomous yet communicative with a history of superior
performance in remote environment. Fast learner, Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational
skills eager to secure a good position. Ready to help team achieve company goals.

Education

High School
Maxfort Rohini • New Delhi, Delhi
04/2019

Mass Communication
Jaganath Institute of ManagementSciences JIMS • New Delhi, Delhi

Experience

Copywriter
iDreamCareer • New Delhi, Delhi
06/2022 - Present

Worked with departments across the company, including marketing and project management, in developing new
ideas, initiatives, products, and services.
Wrote advertising copy for online content, and ad campaign copies.
Played an instrumental role in creative planning and review sessions, working with the resourceful team to
elevate the quality of content and designs on social media platforms.
Developed short and long-term media outreach strategies in collaboration with cross-functional teams.
Researched new organic ideas for social media outreach posts on both informational and promotional topics and
wrote copies for the same.
Wrote and edited copies with accuracy for social media, as well as website content.
Wrote short and long scripts for different types of video content.
Wrote content for email marketing and worked on sending bulk emails through various tools.
Produced original, creative content for promotional advertisements and marketing materials.

Content Writer
Aqugen • New Delhi, Delhi
07/2021 - 12/2021

Utilized exceptional writing, editing and proofreading skills to produce engaging and error-free content.
Wrote and edited high-quality content and visually impactful programs under deadline pressure with exciting,
captivating and authentic approach.
Completed thorough research into assigned topics.

Social Media Marketing Intern
HLTH.Network • New Delhi, Delhi
05/2021 - 12/2021

Created engaging content for Facebook, Reddit, and Instagram.
Researched ideas to increase engagement and reach for on social media platforms and app store.
Wrote interesting copy with eye for current trends and viral potential.
Executed consistent online messaging across various social media verticals.
Wrote blogs on the new trending topics.

Editor
News47 • New Delhi, Delhi
04/2021 - 09/2021

Oversaw content creation process, editing, proofreading content.
Determined readiness of written pieces, made changes and approved fnal versions for publication.
Chose photos for use according to the news that was suppose to be published.
Assigned various topics and story concepts to writers for coverage.
Reviewed articles for grammar, spelling, punctuation, syntax, accuracy and compliance with quality standards.
Wrote news pieces on a regular basis.

Skills

Microsoft ofﬁce, Email Marketing, Advertisement Marketing, Canva design, Content Writing, Marketing, Proofreading,
Communication skills, Time management, Copy editing, Project management

Languages

English, Hindi

Strengths

Leadership Skills
Dedication
Management Skills
Teamwork skills
Hardworking
Multi- tasking
Fast learner

Declaration

I hereby declare that all details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge

