Pune, India | LinkedIn | +91 9209149780 | roopsuttam29@gmail.com    

Rupam Uttam    

A creative and collaborative copywriter and content creator with more than 2 years of experience. Expert in driving growth 
and raising brand awareness through customer centric content. Specializes in public relation management, communication 
and social media.   

EDUCATION    

MIT World Peace University    

Master’s in Journalism & Mass Communication   

●   CGPA - 9.8/10    
●   Specialization in Advertising & PR    

WORK EXPERIENCE   

Freelancer   
Content Writer & Social Media    

       Pune, India    

             Graduation year: May’23  

  January, 2021 - Present    

•  Development of content for social media, websites, advertisements etc.    
•  Promoting clients’ products on their accounts.     
•  Proofreading content for errors and inconsistencies 

Orchan Consulting Asia Sdn Bhd  
Junior Public Relations Executive       

             Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 

  March 2023 – April 2023    

•  Public Relations management.    
•  Managing social media.    
•  Social media planning for clients. 
•  Design of simple social media graphics based upon templates provided. 
•  Drafting of short social media content pieces. 
•  Website audit for client. 
•  Attend meetings with potential clients to receive brief. 
•  Brainstorming with team on PR ideas to propose to clients. 
•  Online research for client-related matters. 
•  Emceeing of client webinar.  

Vivaci Luxury Pvt. Ltd.  
Content Creator and Copywriter  

 June - September, 2022  

•  Development of content for social media, websites, advertisements etc for several brands and services.  
•  Proofreading content for errors and inconsistencies 
•  Copywriting and development of captions according to the particular brand language. 

  
   
 
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Good Shepherd School     
Front & Back Office Manager, Teacher   

Jodhpur, India   
             April, 2019 - March, 2020    

●  Managed the front office and back-office work for the school including direct interaction with parents, handling 

admission processes, maintaining school records and responded to queries.   

●  Worked on organizing school schedule, events and calendar.   
●  Planned innovative lesson plans for a variety of student levels.   

Unschool               
Community Influencer 

Jodhpur, India  
September, 2020 - October, 2020    

●  Worked with a team of interns as the Community Influencer for the e-learning platform.   

●  Creating and strategizing marketing activities for Unschool and its courses. Handling leads, conversion, and social 

media marketing.   

●  Working on target planning, execution, and day-to-day handling of the operations.   

VOLUNTEERING EXPERIENCE  

Youth Club India   
Volunteering, Content Creator    

Jodhpur, India   
           January, 2020 - May, 2020    

● Development of social media content to raise awareness on topics important for the youth.  

● Oversaw and organized drives and activities like youth parliaments.    

LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE  

Alyque Club, SOMJ    
General Secretary    

MIT WPU, Pune, India  

         January, 2022 – August,2022    

Planned and organized meetings, events and activities along with the club’s president and treasurer.   

• 
•  Oversaw the schedule of events and kept a permanent record of minutes of all club/ meetings.   

SKILLS AND INTEREST   

Skills: Microsoft (Word, Excel and Powerpoint) | Social Media (Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn) | Substack   

Interests: Communication & PR, Social Media, Digital Marketing & Branding, Emceeing, Blogging, Poetry   

  
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
