SABA CHEEMA 
Cell: +9306 4907707 
170-A block Tariq Garden-Lahore 
Email: sabacheema194@gmail.com 
Linkedin profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/saba-cheema-129456149/ 

OBJECTIVE 

To obtain a position as a qualified employee with a well-established organization to utilize my 
educational background, skills and the ability to work well with people. 

ABOUT ME  

Hi, my name is Saba Cheema. I am 29 years old and currently residing in Lahore, Pakistan. 

I have been working as an off-site content writer for the past 5-6 years and I have worked with 
innumerable websites. Ever since I have started working in this field, the passion of writing 
and working wholeheartedly grew in me even more. All of my clients have always appreciated 
me for my work and by the grace of Almighty all of my articles have always been in Google 
high ranking. 

           
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I have been involved in working as a Class Representative (CR) for almost 2 semesters 
throughout my Masters and MPhil degree in which I received great appreciation and applause 
for managing tasks and class activities in an organized manner. 

I am a dependable person who is great at time management. I am flexible in my working 
hours, being able to work evenings and weekends. I have successfully met deadlines on every 
project I’ve worked on. 

EDUCATION 

Qualification  MPHIL in Educational Leadership and Management (CGPA: 3.75 GPA/ 

4.0 scale) 
University of Management and Technology 

Institution 

Session 

2020-2022 

Qualification  Masters in Educational Leadership and Management (CGPA: 3.5 GPA/ 4.0 

Institution 

Session 

Qualification 

Institution 

Session 

scale) 
University of Lahore 

2016 to 2018 

Bachelor in Arts (500/800) 
My subjects in BA were: 
Journalism 
Sociology 
Persian (optional) 
Wapda Town Degree College, Lahore 

2014 to 2016 

Qualification 

Institution 

F.A ( 2nd division grade B) 
Lahore College For Women University, Lahore 

Session 

2011 to 2013 

Qualification  Matric with Science (Grade: A+) 
Institution 

Customs Public School System, Lahore 

Session 

2009 to 2011        

EXPERIENCE 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Administrative Officer | HR | Recruitment | Talent Acquisition |  
Pak-Turk Maarif International Schools and Colleges · Full-time 
Feb 2024 – Present 

  Successfully managing student admissions process, ensuring smooth enrollment and 

registration for hundreds of students. 

  Planning and leading the projects based on improving admissions  
 

Implementing a centralized database system for student records, resulting in improved 
data accuracy and accessibility. 
Implementing efficient scheduling and resource allocation systems, optimizing 
classroom utilization and minimizing conflicts. 

 

  Collaborating with faculty and staff to develop and implement standardized 

administrative procedures, resulting in improved efficiency and consistency across the 
institution.  

  Handling the attendance management system, reducing paperwork and streamlining the 

process for staff and faculty. 

  Developing and conducting training programs on HR policies and procedures, ensuring 

compliance and fostering a positive work environment. 

  Managing the recruitment and onboarding process for new staff and faculty members. 
  Maintaining a record of all employees’ testimonials, including CNIC, domicile, 

education/experience, certifications, and getting the employment affidavit signed by 
each employee. 

  Handling employee relations issues, including conflict resolution and disciplinary 

actions. 

  Coordinating employee benefits programs, such as health insurance 

Working as Senior Academic Officer in the School of Architecture and Planning (SAP) 
University of Management and Technology - UMT · Full-time 
September 2023 – January 2024 

  The representative of the department will be responsible for overseeing the entire 

admissions process and collaborating with the admissions office.  

  Planning and executing orientation programs for each intake of incoming students. 
  Collaborate with department chair and faculty to plan and execute seminars and 

workshops, and gather necessary materials. 

  Work with the dean or head of department to develop yearly spending plans that meet 

all criteria. 

  Coordinate with HR and accounts to process payments for teaching assistants and 

supervisors, as well as process their contracts. 

  Dealing with and assisting students with a wide range of matters and solving their 

problems.  

  Set up and keep accurate records of all communications, meetings, and reports. 
  Work closely with the department head to build and sustain strong connections with 

other academic and staff members, making sure that any relevant information is shared 
promptly. 

  Carry out the Chair of Department's other administrative assignments. 

Working in LACAS School system, Valencia campus  

 
 
Post: admission counselor/administrator 
October 2022 - October 2023 

  Communicating directly with parents and students, resolving their queries related to 

academics or any other social issue within school premises. 
  Handle and monitor incoming communications and documents. 
  Providing timely and accurate information in both internal and external by answering 

questions and requests. 

  Maintaining a proper record of teacher’s attendance and leave applications as well as 

custodial staff. 

  Providing a general administrative and clerical support including mailing, and 

scanning. 

  Keeping a record of entrance tests & results for new admission. 
  Keeping a daily record of student’s and staff’s attendance. 
  Handling resumes of staff & Induction of newly hired staff. 
  Setting up Principal’s appointments and schedule interviews. 
  Creating and modifying documents using Microsoft Office. 
   Maintain confidential record and files. 

Web Content Writer 
J&J rent a car  
Full-time 
August 2022-September 2023 
Note: I am currently working for the website (J&J RENT A CAR) for which I produced the 
off-page and on-page content work. 

Work as a Senior Content Writer 
Rankistan Company  
Full-time 
Jan 2020 Till Sep 2022  
Skills: Blogging, Article Writing, Article Editor 

AWARDS 

Honored with UMT Dean’s Merit Award in 2022 for attaining highest CGPA of 3.9/4.0 in my 
session. 
 Participated in “2nd National Postgraduate Research e-Conference in Education 2021” for 
presenting a topic over “Analyzing Current Challenges in Educational and Policy Implementation 
in Pakistan” 
Worked as a “class representative” for 2 years throughout my masters and MPhil degree 

 
 
 
 
 
 
PERSONAL SKILLS 

  Active listening skills 
  Communication skills 
  Work efficiently with others, projects or teams 
  Management skills 
  Complete tasks and projects before deadlines 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

  Microsoft Office (word, excel, spreadsheet, PowerPoint) 
  Adobe Photoshop 
  WordPress  
  Windows movie maker    

ACTIVITIES 

•  Article Writer in “Nation on Campus” 
•  Content Writer for Websites for Last 4 years 
•  Blog Writing Skills 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
