Saidur Rahman

S E O   S P E C I A L I S T

I  am  a  Dedicated  SEO  Specialist  with  over  4  years  of  experience  optimizing  website  performance  and
driving  organic  traffic  growth.  Proven  track  record  of  achieving  measurable  results  in  improving  search
engine  rankings  and  enhancing  online  visibility.  Skilled  in  strategic  planning,  Keyword  research,  On-page
optimization, Off-Page optimization, and Content marketing. Possess strong analytical abilities and a deep
understanding of search engine algorithms.

Work Experience

2024 August- Present
Cansoft Technologies l Vancouver, Canada
SEO Manager

As  the  SEO  Manager  at  Cansoft  Technologies,  I  oversee  25  client  projects  each  month,

focusing  on  driving  local  SEO  success  for  businesses  across  various  industries.  My

responsibilities  include  developing  and  executing  tailored  SEO  strategies,  optimizing

Google  My  Business  profiles,  conducting  local  keyword  research,  managing  on-page  and

off-page  SEO,  and  ensuring  consistent  citation  management.  My  work  is  geared  toward

improving  search  rankings,  increasing  local  visibility,  and  driving  measurable  growth  for

each client.

2023 July- 2024 August
Oyolloo l Ste R Sheridan, WY 82801, USA
SEO Specialist

Oyolloo is a Digital Marketing Agency. I work on spearheaded SEO strategies to increase

website  traffic  and  improve  search  engine  rankings.  Conducted  comprehensive  keyword

research and analysis to identify opportunities for content optimization. Implemented on-

page  SEO  techniques  including  meta  tag  optimization,  internal  linking,  and  content

optimization.  Collaborated  with  content  creators  to  develop  SEO-friendly  content  and

improve overall website performance. Monitored and analyzed website performance using

Google  Analytics  and  other  SEO  tools  to  track  progress  and 

identify  areas  for

improvement.

2023 November - Present (Part Time)
Karis Tax and Accounting Services l Clayton South, Australia
Local SEO Strategist

As the Local SEO Strategist at Karis Tax and Accounting Services, I focus on boosting their

online presence to attract clients within their community. My role involves optimizing their

Google My Business profile, conducting targeted local keyword research, refining location-

based content, and managing citations, all to enhance visibility and client engagement.

2020 June - 2023 May
Archimple LLC l 1200, Sheridan, WY 82801, USA
SEO Specialist

Archimple  is  an  Architectural  Design  and  Drawing  Agency.  Developed  and  executed  SEO

strategies  to  enhance  online  presence  and  drive  organic  traffic  growth.  Conducted  in-

depth  website  audits  to  identify  technical  SEO  issues  and  recommend  optimization

solutions.  Implemented  On-Page,  and  off-page  SEO  tactics  such  as  link-building  and

outreach  campaigns  to 

improve  website  authority.  Generated  regular  reports  to

communicate SEO performance metrics and provide insights for further optimization.

Reference
Azizul Hakim Bappa

CEO, Oyolloo

Phone:

01758500436

Email :

hello@oyolloo.com

Mohammad Asadujjaman

CEO, Archimple LLC

Phone:

01752549532

Email :

info@archimple.com

Contact

Phone
+8801815132487

Email
saidurrahmanburhan@gmail.com

Address
Eliotgonj, Chandina, Cumilla

Education

2025
BBA Honours

National University

2019
HSC
DMFC College

Expertise

Keyword Research and Analysis

On-Page and Off-Page 

Content Analysis

Technical  SEO  SEO  Tools

(SEMrush, Ahrefs)

Google Analytics and Google
Search Console

Language

English

Bangla

