Saidul Islam

Front-end developer
saidulixlam@gmail.com | 7086690734 | Guwahati,Assam
Linkedin | LeetCode | Portfolio | GitHub

EDUCATION
BARAK VALLEY ENGINEERING COLLEGE
B.E. (Electronics & Telecom. Engineering)
Percentage: 75%

EXPERIENCE
COGNIZANT | Engineer Trainee

August 2017 - September 2021

Kolkata | August 2022 – March2023

• Effectively communicated with clients to gather requirements, ensuring a clear understanding of project

goals and objectives.

• Collaborated with cross-functional teams to optimize communication channels, reducing project

development time.

SHARPENER | Internship

April 2023 – present

• Dedicated to learning diverse web development technologies andactively contributing to creation

of 10+ projects.

• Developed a diverse range of web projects during the internship, including an email clone, expense

tracker, e-commerce app, and portfolio website and many more.

SKILLS

Programming Languages
Libraries/Frameworks
Tools / Platforms

Java, C, C++, DSA
React, JavaScript, Redux, Bootstrap, Tailwind, Node js, Next js
Front end development, Git & Github, Firebase, Postman

PROJECTS / OPEN-SOURCE

POTFOLIO WEBSITE | Link

Next js , Javascript ,Tailwind ,TypeScript

• I brought my professional story to life with a sleek and responsive portfolio.
• My portfolio serves as a user-friendly gateway to explore my projects and experiences.
• I used Nextjs & Tailwind for responsive and design.

EMAIL-CLONE APP | Link

ReactJs ,Redux ,Firebase ,Bootstrap

• Engineered a user-friendly Email Box Client application utilizing Redux, React, and Firebase Realtime

Database, enabling users to send and receive messages within dedicated accounts.

• Designed as a multiple-user application to enhance accessibility and collaboration, fostering a

streamlined and collaborative email experience.

EXPENSE TRACKER APP | Link

React , Redux , Firebase , Bootstrap

• Developed an expense monitoring application using React, Node, Redux, and Firebase, providing users

with a comprehensive tool for managing their finances.

• Implemented premium features, including the ability for users to download expenses in Excel format

and customize the application’s theme for a personalized experience

1

