Resume  

P. SAIF ALIKHAN 
Email:  saifpaytm786@gmail.com    Mobile:  8019693127 

Career Objective 

Seeking a better position to utilize my skills and abilities in a particular industry that offers professional 
growth while being resourceful, innovative, and flexible. 

Work Experience 

DWMA (MGNREGS) KADAPA   / Computer Operator-cum-Account Assistant  
January 2020   –   April  2023  ,   YSR Kadapa Dist , Andhra Pradesh. 

Responsibilities: 

  Custodian of all books of accounts , records ,registers , Bills, M-Books , Vouchers and 

musters (both filled and new) in the MCC. 

  Data entry and generation  of Job cards , work demand , technical estimates , work 

commencement letters,etc,. 

  All mandal Wage payments and Material Payments after generations of FTOs , To- -

Process the DSK upload . 

  To entering the Data in MIS for the process of time bound Registration , Demand 

Creation , Preparation of Labour Budget , Muster Rolls Generation , Job card Creation , 
Timely Payment of Wages etc,. as per the provision of MGNREGS ACT. 

  Responsible to do all transactions with help of software like generation of estimates, 

work commence letters, Muster entries, generation of payorders , generation of FTOs. 
  Responsible to maintain inventory register of all furniture , accessories , computer etc. 
  Responsibility to keep all computers , printers and other electronics accessories 

pertaining to MGNREGS in working condition and intact.. 

  Receive the filled up Musters rolls from Program Officer and enter in the MCC properly 

and generate pay orders / wage lists  in time (every day should complete the business of 
muster entry and generation of Pay orders). 

  Responsible to enter the correct inputs in the computer, provided in actual muster 

rolls,M.Books Input data sheets and other sources like eMMS made available to him/her 

  Responsible shall record the change Request on trouble shooting issues through 
Request Tracking System (RTS) / e-Tickets raising issues to solve the problems .   
  Responsible to ensure that all necessary documents and records will be available to 

audit teams for conducting regular social audit and also regular concurrent social audit. 

  To keep regular data backup (once a week) in Google Drive in case of Offline software 

systems. 

  To ensure produce books of accounts , bills , vouchers and other necessary records to 

internal audit . 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Education Details 

⮚  M.Sc.,(Computer Science)  in  Acharya  Nagarjuna  University Nagarjuna Nagar :: Guntur 

⮚  B.Com 

(Computer 

Application) 

in 

Loyola 

Degree 

College 

(YSRR) 

Pulivendula(T),Pulivendula(M), YSR (Dist) 

⮚  Intermediate  (C.S.E)  Completed  in  Govt  Junior  College  In  Pulivendula(T),  Pulivendula(M), 

YSR (Dist) 

⮚  SSC Completed In Nagarjuna High School In Pulivendula(T),Pulivendula(M),YSR (Dist)     

                                                                      Other Qualification 

⮚  Dakshina Bharath Hindi Prachar Sabha Chennai - equilent Intermediate and Degree(B.A)  

⮚  Advanced Diploma in Computer Application certified by Govt: AP Urdu Academy , Hyderabad 

⮚ 

IT  –  Essential  Instructor  Training  Program  jointly  conducted  by  Cisco  Networking  Academy  &  State 
Board Technical Education & Training A.P   

                                                                      Personal Profile 

      :   Pathan : Saif Alikhan 

⮚  MY  NAME 
⮚  FATHER NAME              :   Pathan : Kareem Khan 
⮚  DATE OF BIRTH            :   13.06.1997 
⮚  MARITAL STATUS        :    Un-married  
⮚  GENDER            

      :    Male 

                                                                 Languages Known 

⮚  TELUGU 
⮚  HINDI 
⮚  ENGLISH 

: (READ, SPEAK & WRITE) 
: (READ, SPEAK & WRITE) 
: (READ, SPEAK & WRITE) 

                                                                         Declaration 

I do  herebydeclare that the particulars  of information and  facts stated  here above are true, correct, 
and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

P. SAIF ALIKHAN  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            
         
 
 
      
 
     
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
