Sakshi Singh 

Location: Mumbai 
Email: Sakshi771590@Gmail.com 

Contact no: 7977112430 

I have 1 Year of experience in the Field Insurance & Growth Marketing managing multiple influencers. 
Marketing plans and tracking performance metrics related to campaign & retention strong communication. 
This has helped me develop strong communication, marketing & Organizational skills and the ability to work 
effectively as a team member.  

I took a detour in the field of Insurance & Growth Marketing and feel extremely passionately about building and 
growing a community. 

Educational Background 

Work Experience 

January 2023 to Present 

Mumbai University 
GURU NANAK KHALSA 
COLLEGE 

Bachelor's Degree in Banking & 

Insurance (BBI)  

Skills & Proficiencies 

Marketing Networking 

Budget Management 

Relationship Management   

Communication  Research 

Client Consultation 
analyzing data 

Leadership 

Expertise in negotiations 

LIC OF INDIA 
Oversees the Insurance Client Communication and manage day-today 
admin operations & maintaining Customer relation, handling different 
insurance plans, analyzing sale. 
Planning & strategize by picking the right client scaling the Sales. 
Building repository of potential Client & learnings from each 
complains building relationship with loyal customers to achieve 
revenue targets with high efficiency in execution of Tasks. 

       PLUM GOODNESS  

Growth Marketing oversees the influencer marketing strategies & 
maintaining influencer relationship, handling campaigns 
Negotiating with agencies & influencers 
Partnership with college events. 

Objective: 

Building and maintaining strong relationships with both individual and 
business customers. 
Act as the main point of contact for customers, addressing inquiries, 
resolving issues, and providing personalized assistance. 

Retention and Growth 
Implementing strategies to retain existing customers and prevent attrition. 
Contribute to the growth of the bank's customer base through effective 
relationship management and customer acquisition. 

Cross-Selling and Upselling: 
Promote and cross-sell a variety of banking products and services to meet 
the diverse financial needs of customers. 
Identify opportunities to upsell or introduce complementary products and 
services. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sakshi Singh 

Contact no: 7977112430 

Volunteer Work & Expertise 

•  Excel Skills 
•  Data analysis 
• 
Sales Skills 
•  Leadership 
•  Team Work 

CERTIFICATIONS  

1.  Expert in Excel from GURU NANAK KHALSA COLLEGE  
2.  Social media & Digital marketing from LANGUAGE NETWORK INSTITUTE  
3. 

Intellectual property Rights from GURU NANAK KHALSA COLLEGE 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
