SAMEEKSHA DAYAL

WORK EXPERIENCE

JD&Co. USA | Corporate Sales Manager

October 2023 - March 2024

Learned about diamond quality-checking and the

+91-9354773571

diamond industry in the US and India

sameekshadayal27@gmail.com

as lab-grown diamond industry

Led and managed a sales team in the natural as well

New Delhi

SKILLS

Social Media Analysis and

Management

Digital Relations Management

Influencer Management

Email Marketing

Graphic Design

Video Editing

Communications

Creative Writing/Blogging

MS-Office Suite (Beginner)

LANGUAGES

English

Hindi

Introduced new ideas, scripts, and tactics to drive sales

Analysed large amounts of data through an export-

import software to aid with sales

Converted B2B clients as well as maintained

relationships with existing B2B clients

Gauri Dhawan | Social Media and Digital Relations
Manager

November 2022 - August 2023

Managed the inventory of garments for influencer

marketing

Tracked and reviewed Instagram and Facebook Ads

Created Instagram posts, captions and stories for each

day

B2B communications with exhibitions and pop-up

shops

Recorded and edited multiple viral reels

Aanandam Wellness Holidays | Social Media
Manager (Part time)

July 2022 - May 2023

Managed Instagram and Facebook accounts

Created posts for Instagram and Facebook

Generated  customers  for  various  wellness  retreats

through social media

K2 Group | Social Media Intern

May 2021 - July 2021

Created  social  media  calendars  and  conceptualized

posts for for 7+ brands

Coordinated with graphic designers

Wrote articles for LinkedIn

Soul Setu Wellness Foundation | Social Media Intern

October - December 2019

Designed  promotional  creatives  for  a  large  scale

holistic event- Instagram posts, media boards, banners,

standees, letterheads, etc.

Helped in generating a footfall of 1500 within 3 months

FREELANCE EXPERIENCE

Content Writing

Articles
Blog Posts
Website landing page write-ups 

Event Photography

VOLUNTEERING

India Art Fair 2020

Managed the Main Information Desk as well as the VIP
Information Desk for Asia's biggest art fest - 3 days
Communicated with and assisted more than 1.5 lakh people 

Soul Setu Wellness Foundation

Managed the main ticket counter for around 1500
attendees

EDUCATION

Amity University | 2018 - 2022

Bachelor of Fine Arts- Animation

With experience in social media management in the luxury fashion
industry as well as the diamond industry, I have a verifiable history of
creating engaging (and viral) yet elegant and sophisticated content that
took a luxury fashion startup to major luxury e-commerce stores and
eventually drove sales. I believe I would be a strong fit for this position
as I consider myself multicultural, and a connoisseur of fashion, cuisine,
craftsmanship, as well as logic, and truly enjoy indulging in every aspect
of media, and life in that way. I have a deep passion for researching and
exploring different fields of marketing and media and my portfolio
reflects the vast range of my creations. I absolutely love writing and can
truly connect the client to the consumer through empathy. Some
examples of my deep, deep love for all things creative and more can be
seen on my femininity and lifestyle blog. I also have a jewellery store for
which I do the entire marketing/designing alone which is
@profanevirtues on instagram. I put in a lot of effort and dedication into
everything I do. I am a good listener with a warm personality. I have
exceptional emotional understanding and verbal and non-verbal
communication skills, and I appreciate the little things in life. I
understand the value of decorum with my coworkers and can get along
with almost anyone with ease. It would be my colossal pleasure
working with you.

