SHAMIMUN NISHA
Content Writer

Place: Lucknow │ Email Id: nisha.shamimun@gmail.com │ Mobile: 8920770462

Experienced content writer with expertise in writing promotional blogs, email copies, social media posts and
SEO-based technical content. Looking for an opportunity to hone my existing skills and learn new ones in to take
businesses to new heights with my words.

Work Experience

Content Specialist
Ocxee Ltd
October 2021 to March 2023

● Worked as a content writer and copywriter for marketing purposes.
● Responsible for creating blogs, cold emails, web page content, and social media marketing copies for

different platforms including Facebook, Instagram, and Google ads.

Freelance Content Writer
Freelancer.com - Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh
July 2017 to Present

● Wrote SEO-based technical articles for clients.

Content Creator
Broad Axis Consultants - India
December 2020 to August 2021

● Responsible for content developing and reviewing practice papers for k-12 level subjects.

Education

Master's in Energy Studies
Indian Institute of Technology Delhi - New Delhi, Delhi
July 2016 to July 2018

●

Project: Modelling of Direct Steam Generation using solar thermal power collector.

Bachelor's in Mechanical Engineering
Institute of Engineering and Technology Lucknow - Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh
July 2011 to July 2015

●

Project: Stress analysis of Chasis Frame for Tata Safari

Skills / IT Skills

● Writing and communication - Promotional blogs, technical articles, email copies, web page content, and

social media posts.

● Marketing: On-page and off-page SEO, Google Ads, Email marketing, Google Analytics, and Google

Search Console.
Soft Skills: Communication, creativity, attention to detail, market research, and analysis.

●
● Computer Skills: Google Suite, Programming languages including C, C++, and MATLAB, Adobe

Photoshop, web search, Canva image editing, and presentations.

Projects / Papers Presented

Direct steam generation in parabolic trough solar collector: Analytical modelling
for prediction of flow pattern
https://doi.org/10.1063/1.5096497
April 2019

Conference paper discussing solar energy generation systems published by AIP Conference Proceedings.

Interests and Hobbies

● Blogging: I am an active blogger since 2018. I write poems, articles, non-fiction prose, and short stories.
● Reading: I like reading functions and non-fiction in my free time.
●
●
●

Listening to music:
Playing sudoku
Travelling

