SHARANDEEP KAUR

Digital Marketer

9310344158

sharandeepkaur23@gmail.com

New Delhi

Dear Sir/Madam

I am writing to express my strong interest in the Digital Marketing position. With a comprehensive

background in digital marketing strategy, branding, data analysis, Performance marketing, client

communication and email marketing. I am confident in my ability to contribute effectively to your

team.

In my previous role as a Digital Marketing Manager at Media Clock, I successfully planned and

executed integrated digital marketing campaigns, branding, email marketing and SEO that

increased online visibility and engagement. My responsibilities included:

Developing and implementing digital marketing strategies aligned with business goals.

Managing and optimising paid advertising campaigns on platforms such as Google Ads and

social media Ads.

Creating compelling content for various digital channels, including website, blog, and social

media and on-site marketing (offline marketing).

Analysing and interpreting key performance indicators (KPIs) to refine strategies and

maximize ROI.

Conducting email marketing and bulk SMS for promotions.

Conducting market research and competitor analysis to identify trends and opportunities.

I am well-versed in utilising marketing automation tools, SEO best practices, and social media

management platforms. Additionally, my proficiency in data analytics tools, such as Google

Analytics, enables me to derive actionable insights and drive continuous improvement.

What sets me apart is my commitment to staying abreast of industry trends and leveraging

innovative digital marketing techniques to enhance brand presence and engagement. I am

excited about the opportunity to bring my skills and enthusiasm for digital marketing.

Enclosed is my resume, which provides further details about my professional background. I

would welcome the chance to discuss how my skills align with your needs in more detail.

Thank you for considering my application. I look forward to the possibility of contributing to the

success.

Sincerely,

Sharandeep Kaur

SHARANDEEP KAUR

Digital Marketer

9310344158

sharandeepkaur23@gmail.com

New Delhi

SUMMARY

Highly motivated and professional Digital Marketer with over 5 years of experience ( 2.3 years of freelancing and
2.7 years of professional) providing brand presence to clients. Proficient in managing content calendars
(including organic, paid and other marketing activities) and client communication & handling team of 6-7
members. Possess exceptional communication and interpersonal skills with a proven ability to work
independently and as part of a team.

EDUCATION

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Chandigarh University
Master in Business Administration
2022 – 2024

New Delhi Institute of Management
Bachelor’s in business Administration
2017 – 2020

Mata Gujri Public School
Schooling (Nursery to +2)
2004-2016

SKILLS

Branding

Blogging

Google Analytics

Content Marketing

Email Marketing

SEO

Google Ads

Social Media Paid Campaigns

Creativity

Critical Thinking

Influencer Marketing

Team Management

Client Communication

Email Marketing

LANGUAGE

English

Hindi

Punjabi

Digital Marketing Manager
Media Clock PTY LTD | May 2023 - Present

Digital Marketing Executive
Orbit Techsol India PVT LTD | Nov 2022 - May 2023

Brand Manager
Uniworld Studios | Aug 2022 - Oct 2022

Digital Marketing Executive
Uniworld Studios | Jan 2022 - July 2022

Digital Marketing Internship
Upthrust | Aug 2021 - Oct 2021

Digital Marketing Internship
The Brand Fuzz | May 2021 - July 2021

Digital Marketing Freelancing
Jan 2019 - March 2021

CERTIFICATIONS

Internshala Digital Marketing Placement
Guarantee Course
Google Analytics Individual Certification
(GAIQ)
Hubspot Inbound Marketing

