Shashank Deep Rai

PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth:
28th December 1998

Email ID:
shankzrai98@gmail.com

Phone No.:
+ 91 7550913990

Address:
C/O Dhan Kumar Rai
Kazitar, Namchi,
South Sikkim, 737126

QUALIFICATIONS

SEPT 2021 - SEPT 2022
MSc Sport and Exercise Psychology; Manchester Metropolitan University, United Kingdom

JULY 2017 - DEC 2020
B.A. (Hons) Psychology; University of Delhi, India

MEMBERSHIP

Graduate Basis for Chartered Membership (GBC) with the British Psychological Society

WORK EXPERIENCE

Piper Hill School, Wythenshawe, Manchester
Teaching Assistant (CWSN)
SEPTEMBER 2023 - PRESENT

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

● Working with groups of children under the supervision of the teacher, including the

implementation of Individual Learning Plans.

● Giving regular feedback on children’s progress to the class teacher and ﬁle records.
● Attending to children’s personal needs, including pastoral, social, health, and physical

hygiene i.e. toileting and changing minor ﬁrst aid and welfare matters.

● Establishing good relationships with pupils, taking on role models by presenting a

positive personal image and responding appropriately to individual needs.

● Supporting pupils on work experience and transitions to Further Education pathways

and other educational establishments.

● Assisting the teacher to ensure a safe classroom and outdoor environment, checking
materials and personal equipment for defects and implementing risk assessments
carried out by the teacher according to school guidelines.

● Working closely under the guidance of the teacher as required, with therapists, medical
staﬀ, and other personnel working with pupils, so that their advice and practice are
integrated into individual learning plans.

● Assisting in the supervision of classroom and outdoor activities.

Belong Morris Feinmann (Didsbury), Manchester
Dementia Support Worker
SEPTEMBER 2022 - SEPTEMBER 2023

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

● Providing emotional and behavioural support for residents with dementia and helping

them with their day-to-day activities.

● Providing high standards of care for residents with a focus on everyday care such as

personal hygiene, mental stimulation and general well-being.

● Assisting the ﬂoor nurse with residents' assessments and evaluations on care

eﬀectiveness, and contributing to the safe and compassionate delivery of care.

● Acting in the best interest of residents while ensuring compliance with company policies

and guidelines.

● Responsible for the medication management of the residents.
● Assisting with the preparation of meals and snacks and assisting patients with feeding

when required.

● Uploading day-to-day details on care plans.

2

SSP UK The Food Travel Experts, Manchester Airport Starbucks
Team Member
NOVEMBER 2021 - SEPTEMBER 2022

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

● Providing customers with appropriate service in a polite, eﬃcient and friendly manner.

● Contributing to the team’s success in achieving all store targets through positive selling

techniques.

● Positively handling customer comments and taking appropriate follow-up action to

ensure all customers leave with a positive experience.

● Demonstrating a positive attitude even when under pressure.

● Supporting the Team Leader and Management with eﬀective implementation of all new

promotions, marketing activity and product launches to time and quality standards.

PsychLine.in, India
Sports Psychology & Research Intern
MARCH 2021 - JUNE 2021

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

● Observing cases, and maintaining client histories, plans, and documentation.

● Project Management and organisation of support groups, tests, and therapy modules.

● Assisting with marketing and promoting Sport Psychology awareness through

PsychLine.in

● Writing blogs on various topics of interest in Sport Psychology.

● Designing and planning research in Sport Psychology.

● Outreach work for PsychLine.in, including but not limited to, calling clients, emailing

other practitioners, and reaching out to sports academies, schools, colleges, corporates,
or individuals.

Grassroot Education IELTS Consulting, India
Senior Teaching Assistant
AUGUST 2020 - FEBRUARY 2021

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

● Tutoring students to speak proper English.

● Leading the Speaking Team, which involved four members.

● Assisting teachers with classroom management and document coordination to maintain

a positive learning environment.

● Improving instruction methods by using various assessment tools and strategies.

● Conducted speaking mock exams and did the evaluations.

3

● Handling class queries.

● Creating Questions for the mock exams.

EDUCATION

Manchester Metropolitan University, United Kingdom
MSc. Sport & Exercise Psychology
SEPTEMBER 2021 - SEPTEMBER 2022

KEY ACHIEVEMENTS:

● Merit Certiﬁcate
● Awarded the International Postgraduate Scholarships 2021/22, worth £2,000
● Course accredited by the British Psychological Society (BPS)
● Overall good scores on the assessments

KEY UNITS & TOPICS:

● Social Psychology of Sport & Exercise
● Neuroscience in Sport & Exercise
● Cognition and Emotion
● Qualitative and Quantitative Research Methods

RESEARCH PROJECT:

● The eﬀect of Virtual Reality (VR) training in young cricketers.

The University of Delhi, India
B.A. (Hons) Psychology
JULY 2017 - DECEMBER 2020

KEY ACHIEVEMENTS:

● Graduated with a First Division Degree, with a 6.486 CGPA
● Received the Post Matric Scholarship, from the Govt. of Sikkim
● Minored in Economics
● Majored in Psychology

KEY UNITS & TOPICS:

● Statistical Methods for Psychological Research
● Biopsychology
● Understanding and Dealing with Psychological Disorders

4

● Psychology of Individual Diﬀerences
● Social Psychology
● Human Resource Management
● Organisational Behaviour
● Counselling Psychology

RESEARCH PRACTICALS:

● Examining the level of conservation in children on three conservation tasks given by

Piaget.

● Assessing an individual’s subjective well-being using E.D. Diner’s SW scale.
● Developing a training program for sensitising government school teachers about

identiﬁcation and dealing with students with special needs.

● Determining the factors aﬀecting happiness among the elderly and young concerning

their gender.

● Observing aims to investigate the moral reasoning of individuals in diﬀerent

developmental stages.

● Examining the relationship of sleep quality with life satisfaction, psychological

well-being, depression, anxiety and stress.

Welham Boys School, Dehradun, India
Senior Secondary (CBSE)
MAY 2015 - MARCH 2017

● Graduated Senior School (CBSE) with an overall score of 93.25%
● Studied Physics; Chemistry; Biology; English; and Economics

ACCOMPLISHMENTS & AWARDS

● Part of the British Psychological Society (BPS) with a Graduate Basis for Chartered

Membership (GBC).

● Recipient of the SANMAT Unlock Education Sponsorship.
● Scored an overall of 7.5 in the IELTS Exam.
● Attended workshops organised by Fortis Mental Health, India, including one on the

Introduction to Sport Psychology.

● Designed assessments to measure the Emotional Intelligence, Motivation, Conﬁdence,

etc. of athletes; for PsychLine.

● Volunteered at India's Biggest Mental Health Festival, 2018, organised by Mental Health

Foundation India (MHFI).

● Undergoing the Level 2 Certiﬁcate in Counselling Skills (Due to be completed in

September 2024)

● FA Level 1 in Football Coaching Certiﬁcate

5

SKILLS

● Research: Postgraduate research project on “The eﬀect of Virtual Reality (VR) training

on young cricketers”.

● Video Analysis: Used pre-recorded videos to asses performance for my master's

research project

● Psychological Assessment: Used many assessments for my Undergraduate degree.
● Leadership: Supervisor of a speaking department at a previous job.
● Communication Skills: Displayed good communication skills with both customers and

clients at current and previous jobs.

● Fluent in four languages, i.e., English, Hindi, Urdu and Nepali
● Good Computer Skills. Can use MS Word, Powerpoint, Excel, SPSS, etc.

HOBBIES

● Playing sports, especially cricket and football
● Playing the guitar and singing
● Reading
● Video Gaming

6

REFERENCES

Dr Dave Smith
Senior Lecturer, Manchester Metropolitan University
d.d.smith@mmu.ac.uk

Dr Ben Marshall
Lecturer, Manchester Metropolitan University
ben.marshall@mmu.ac.uk

Dr Gulgoona Jamal,
Associate Professor, University of Delhi
gulgoona.jamal@zh.du.ac.in

Karen Hogg,
Assistant Headteacher, Piper Hill School, Manchester
k.hogg@piperhill.manchester.sch.uk

Kevin Paddy,
Lead Support Worker, Belong Morris Feinmann (Didsbury), Manchester
kevin.paddy@belong.org.uk

Jade Matthews
Manager, Starbucks T2 Landside, Manchester Airport
jade.matthews@ssp.uk.com

Dr Niharika Thakkar|
PsychLine.in
niharika@psychline.in

Abhishek Krishna Iyer
Grassroot Education Consulting
grassrootmba@gmail.com

7

