Shefali Dhingra
Delhi, India | LinkedIn | +91-9999724252 | shefalidhingra0@gmail.com

WORK EXPERIENCE
Brillio
Software Development Engineer
● Developed a management portal utilizing ReactJS, Redux, Node, and TailwindCSS for user-friendly

Bangalore, India
June 2022 - September 2023

and efficient authentication procedures.

● Successfully achieved AWS Cloud Practitioner Certification, enabling seamless migration and data

management on the cloud platform.

● Designed a comprehensive telecom system in Business Central, integrating various exceptional
events, subprocesses, and error termination, employing Red Hat Process Automation skills.

INTERNSHIPS
Remote
The Sparks Foundation
Data Science and Business Analytics Intern
December 2020 - January 2021
● Performed comprehensive data analysis and visualization of a dataset using modules like NumPy,

Pandas, Matplotlib, and Seaborn, to derive valuable insights.

● Applied the Linear

regression algorithm to calculate precise results, enhancing data-driven

decision-making processes.

● Demonstrated proficiency in data manipulation, visualization, and statistical analysis, resulting in

valuable contributions to the project's success.

Internshala
Remote
November 2020 - January 2021
Internshala Student Ambassador
● Played a pivotal role as a Campus Ambassador, actively promoting the brand and their suite of

services on campus.

● Actively facilitated student registrations on the platform, advocating for various services, including

courses and internship campaigns conducted by Internshala.

● Contributed to the selection process for the next Campus Ambassador, participating in the election

procedures to ensure a smooth transition.

Remote
Unschool
Community Leader
September 2020 - October 2020
● Independently sourced and successfully onboarded individuals while skillfully overseeing a team of

10-15 interns in my role as a team lead at Unschool.

● Delivered thorough training sessions to elevate their proficiency in promoting and selling Unschool's

courses and services.

PROJECTS
Loan Prediction Analysis

Conducted in-depth analysis of a banking dataset using various EDA techniques and visual aids,
serving as the foundation for a predictive loan eligibility algorithm and a user-friendly dashboard for
banks and customers.

EDUCATION
SRM Institute of Science and Technology
Bachelor of Technology
CSE with Specialisation in Software Engineering

Tamil Nadu, India

Graduation Date: May 2022

2x Scholarship holder | Vice-Chairperson of SRM IET on Campus | Techknow 2018 Best Project winner | NGO
Volunteer | Volunteer at Techfest | Corporate, PR Team member of Recon Subsea

9.44 GPA

PUBLICATIONS
Case Study on Netflix

November 2020
Published a comprehensive case study analyzing problems in Netflix’s User Interface by conducting
online surveys and competitive analysis with other streaming platforms to build low and High Fidelity
Wireframes as solutions to the posed problems.

CERTIFICATIONS
● AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
● Crash Course on Python
● Data Analysis with Python
● Programming for Everybody (Python)
● ES6 Javascript: The complete Developer's Guide
● First Step Korean

SKILLS & INTERESTS
Skills:

● Programming Languages: Python, JavaScript, TypeScript, C/C++
● Web Development: ReactJS, NodeJS, HTML, CSS, TailwindCSS
● Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB
● Tools: Git, Microsoft Office
● Research
● Content Generation: Emails, Social Media, Marketing Campaigns

Amazon Web Services
Google
freeCodeCamp
University of Michigan
Udemy
Yonsei University

Languages: English, Hindi (Bilingual Proficiency), Korean (Basic Proficiency)

Interests: Marketing & Operations, Content generation, PR, Research, Analytics, Developing linguistic
skills

