SHILPA RAMASWAMY

TF-1 Mayflower Heights, NS Palaya, Dollars Colony, JP Nagar 3rd phase, BTM 2nd stage

Bangalore, KARNATAKA

91 9972028498

shilpa17.ram@gmail.com

Summary

A skilled multitasker, I wish to work in a flexible organization which gives me immense scope for
imbibing vital professional skills that in turn will enable me to grow professionally and expand my
horizon in the field of communication.

Education

Liverpool John Moores and IMT Ghaziabad
Dual Executive Online MBA
(November 2020- November 2022)

Christ University
BA
Bengaluru, Karnataka
(June 2015-June 2018)
Courses: BA (Media studies, Psychology, Literature

Professional Skills

Competitor analysis, community management, social media management, SEO optimisation, outbound
marketing strategy, proficiency in tools like Ahrefs, Buzzsumo, Hubspot, Envato, Frame.io, Semrush, Canva,
Google Analytics and Google Keyword Planner, interviewing influencers, coordinating projects between
designers, editors and vendors.

My Portfolio Link

https://bit.ly/3C9iy7b

Employment History

a) Full Time Job after Graduation (2018-Present)

Torque Communications
PR Executive Trainee (August 2018-May 30 2019)

● Tracking daily news of clients like Myntra, Mensa and Bluestone in print and online sources.

Preparing a month end report with competitor analysis coverage based on this.

● Drafting press releases for clients with their approval and pitching the same to journalists for

publication.

● Maintaining a database of current journalists in the ecommerce space.

K2 Communications
Social Media Executive (June 2019 - April 2020)

● Developed social media calendar post for every month.

● Strategized social media for Instagram, Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn

● Coordinated with designer with my design idea for these posts.

● Updated company website with relevant SEO content.

● Prepared blog calendar and wrote blog articles every month.

● Coordinated with employees to get relevant company news that can be posted online.

Hiveminds – A Unit of Madison World
Content writer, editor and social media marketer (May 2020 - July 2021)

● Handled finance client – Kuvera and Hrtech client - iMocha independently.

a) Kuvera
● Edited 5 articles of writers, wrote 1 (2000) word article on a daily basis.
● Wrote youtube descriptions for their YT handle.

b)

iMocha

● Developed, implemented and managed the social media calendar
● Defined most important social media KPIs
● Managed and created social media content
● Measured the success of every social media campaign
● Stayed up to date with latest social media best practices and technologies
● Used social media marketing tools
● Collaborated with marketing, sales, and product development teams
● Communicated with industry professionals and influencers via social media to create a strong

network

● Took ownership and responsibility for increased followers and engagement

Burda Media India (Night Shift, Contractual)
Junior Editor for Microsoft News
(August 2021- October 2021)

● Edit stories for the UK, Ireland and South Africa market before publication

● I had to monitor and moderate user generated content.

● Identify abnormal or potentially dangerous chat/commenting patterns and warnings, as well as
malicious online users. Analyzed data from various sources Provided feedback on the tools
used

● Assessed and flag any false positives/negatives as already flagged by the system.

Civilsdaily
Communications Manager
(October 2021 – Present)

1. Planned and managed the content and production of all marketing materials.
2. Worked with different marketing departments to generate new ideas and strategies.
3. Created communication and marketing strategies for new products, launches, events, and

promotions.

4. Researched and understood key business challenges, customer behavior, target audiences,

competitive activity, and environmental factors that impacts programs within the business and
assigned departments.
Liaised with PR agencies and sustained effective relations.

5.
6. Took ownership and developing strategies for Social Media.
7. Strategized and executed all forms of out-bound communication.
8. Generated 4000 leads every month due to my content marketing efforts.

9. Got my thought leadership articles published in leading papers like The Hindu, The Times of India,

New Indian Express and India Today.

10. Certain keywords used in my blog appear in the first page of Google search results. I have attached

screenshots of the same in my portfolio.

Akaike Technologies
Content Marketer
(November 2022 - Present)

1. Planned and managed the content and production of all marketing materials.
2. Worked with design, customer success, sales, product and design teams to generate new ideas and

strategies.

3. Created communication and marketing strategies for new products, launches, events, and

promotions.

4. Researched and understood key business challenges, customer behavior, target audiences,

competitive activity, and environmental factors that impacts programs within the business and
assigned departments.
Liaised with PR agencies and sustained effective relations.

5.
6. Took ownership and developing strategies for Social Media.
7. Strategized and executed all forms of out-bound communication.
8. Generated 30 leads every month due to my content marketing efforts.
9. Got my thought leadership articles published in leading papers like AIM Council, The Hindu, The

Times of India, New Indian Express and India Today.

10. Proficient in use of Ahrefs, Buzzsumo, Hubspot, Semrush, Canva, Google Analytics and Google

Keyword Planner.

11. Created content for monthly LinkedIn newsletter, email newsletter, LinkedIn snd Google paid

campaigns and guest posting for backlinks.

12. Developed case-studies, whitepapers and brochures for the sales team.
13. Interviewed AI leaders and influencers to improve the traffic on our website.
14. Certain keywords used in my blog appear in the first page of Google search results. I have attached

screenshots of the same in my portfolio.

Additional Remote/Freelancing Projects
(2018-Present)

Shifft Films Production
Project Coordinator and Script Writer
(September 2022 - March 2024)

● Wrote 15 scripts per month for Draper University and Draper Startup House OTT channel.
● Interviewed prominent figures like Chris Hoffman, Rajshree Nandy and Iynna Halilou to name a

few.

● Worked on the promo script of ‘Meet the Drapers’ based on raw footage received.
● Liaised with the video editor, shared suggestions on animations and super texts.
● Found stock footages on Envato and timecode the episodes using Frame.io.

Infusemedia

Freelance email copywriter (August 2018 - August 2019)

● Wrote 10 email copies everyday for B2B clients in Technology and Automation space.

● The email copies urged their target audience to download and read their assets.
● Developed 4 subject lines for each copy.
● Revised changes as per editor’s suggestions.
● Night shift freelance position in USA.

Pearl Lemon
SEO Intern

1. Optimizing copy and landing pages for search engine optimization
2. Performing ongoing keyword research including discovery and expansion of keyword

opportunities

3. Researching and implementing content recommendations for organic SEO success
4. Execute tests, collect and analyze data and results, identify trends and insights in order to achieve

maximum ROI in paid search campaigns

5. Manage campaign expenses, staying on budget, estimating monthly costs and reconciling

discrepancies.

6. Optimize copy and landing pages for search engine marketing

Sportskeeda

Freelance Content Editor
(September 2020 to August 2021)

● Managing articles of writers in the WWE category.

● Proofreading, fact-checking and editing 200 articles every month.

● Suggesting new topics every week for writers.

c) Internships during University Years (2015-2018)

The Hindu
Journalist Intern
Bengaluru, Karnataka
December 2016 – January 2017

1.

In Bangalore, while working as a City Reporter for The Hindu, I wrote features on
community activities, culture, lifestyle topics and civic issues.

2. As a Reporter, I wrote news reports based on the following beats, most of which were published
in the 2nd-3rd page. The city editor appreciated my work while commenting on brushing up on
my editing skills.

3.

I got 5 bylines in my 21 days stint as an intern. One of my articles on solar-powered kiosks
lending support to businessmen with disabilities generated interest amongst funders and
investors who contacted the NGO soon after.

Political Media Advocacy Internship
Media Hanger
Bengaluru, Karnataka
December 2017 – April 2018

1. Worked with leading politicians, government agencies in developing communication

strategies, devise media plan

2. Coworked on developing opinion pieces and I also gave suggestions on areas that the

politicians can work for in their constituency. I was

also tasked with writing letters to the defense minister, Ms Nirmala Sitharaman and traffic
police commissioners on the state of skywalks, bridge over rails and pedestrian signals in and
around Sarjapur and Old Madras road

3. To increase Shri PC Mohan’s presence in social media, I had developed a social media tracker

of 25 BJP leaders and suggested ways PC

Mohan can boost community engagement. I also had to read up a lot of newspapers
everyday to generate ideas, spot out news on PC Mohan and his constituency.

Villgro
Communications Specialist
February 2017 – April 2017

1.

2.

Ideating, developing and executing Villgro’s external and internal communications
portfolio

Leading the social media outreach activities, overseeing online networking and
expanding visibility.

3. Generating content by writing PR articles, annual report, website content, research pieces, blog

posts, social media posts and other marketing collateral.

4. Creating a content plan for the Villgro blog, newsletters and marketing collaterals.

5. Managing vendors - a design agency, a digital marketing agency and a media

consultant.

6. Tracking, analysing and reporting vital metrics pertaining to the effectiveness of

communication projects/initiatives

