RESUME 

GUDUR SHILPA REDDY                                         Phone: +91 9963206057 
                                                                                Email : shilpa.gudur@gmail.com 

CAREER OBJECTIVE: 

           I believe that I have a lot to contribute to the growing economy of the world. Hence, 
I am looking for an alignment of my course to the experience of peers, learning the process 
in my work. I believe in being in an environment where I can give as much as I take. My 
prime objective would be growing in all means with time on my efforts. 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 

●  Completed course in digital marketing from Internshala Trainings. 
●  Currently Working as a web developer with IMG Systems as a freelancer (March 

2023 -till date) 

●  Worked as Sr.Associate at Wipro (July 2021 – Feb 2023) 
●  Worked as a Sr.Analyst at Virtusa (August 2018 -September 2020) 
●  Worked as an IT Analyst with Intelenet Global Services, Hyderabad from May 2015 -

July 2018. 

●  Total professional experience is 8 years (May 2015 – till date) 
●  Knowledge on Google Products, Google AdWords , Facebook Content Moderation and 

digital marketing. 

Digital Marketing Course Details: 

•  Developed comprehensive digital marketing strategies to enhance brand visibility, 

increase online engagement and drive targeted traffic. 

•  Executed social media campaigns across platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, 

Twitter and LinkedIn. 

•  Created compelling and relevant content for various digital channels, including blog 
posts, social media updates and email newsletters to engage target audience. 
Implemented on-page and off-page SEO strategies to improve website ranking and 
organic search visibility, leading to increased website traffic. 

• 

•  Designed and executed email marketing campaigns, utilizing segmentation and A/B 

testing to optimize open rates, click-through rates and conversions. 

•  Utilized Google Analytics to analyze website traffic, user behaviour and campaign 

performance providing insights for data-driven decision-making. 

•  Prepared regular reports on key performance indicators (KPIs) and campaign 
metrics, providing insights into effectiveness of digital marketing efforts. 

•  Conducted thorough competitor analysis to identify industry trends, benchmark 
performance, and refine digital marketing strategies for a competitive edge. 
•  Demonstrated a commitment to professional development by staying updated on 

industry trends, attending workshops and completing additional certifications in 
digital marketing. 

  
 
 
 
 
Certifications Achieved: 

•  Achieved Digital Marketing Course Certification from Scholiverse Educare Private 

Limited. 

•  Received Certifications in Blogging and Google Analytics, Content & Email Marketing, 
SEO, Google Search, Google Display and Social Media Marketing from Internshala as 
a part of digital marketing course. 

•  Got HubSpot Inbound Certification from HubSpot Academy. 
•  Achieved Google Search and Google Display certifications from Google. 

Project Details (Work Experience): 

❖  IMG Systems 

Title 

Role 

Languages 

Responsibilities: 

Front-End Developer. 

Web Developer 

HTML,  CSS,  JavaScript, 
Angular 

●  Work closely with business analysts and stakeholders to understand project 

requirements. 

●  Translate design mock-ups and user stories into functional Angular applications. 
● 
●  Ensure the application is responsive and works seamlessly across different devices 

Implement features and user interfaces based on design specifications. 

and browsers. 

❖  Wipro 

Role 

Sr.Associate 

Environment 

SRT (Single Review Tool) 

Client 
Responsibilities: 

Facebook 

●  Evaluate user-generated content on Facebook for potential violations of community 

standards, specifically focusing on identifying and removing violent content. 

●  Ensure strict compliance with Facebook’s content policies and guidelines related to 

● 

violence and harmful behaviour. 
Investigate and resolve user-reported issues related to violent content promptly and 
effectively, providing clear explanations for content removal decisions. 

●  Stay informed about changes in content moderation policies and guidelines and 
adapt to evolving standards for identifying and addressing violent content. 

●  Participate in ongoing training sessions to enhance skills and stay updated on the 
latest trends in online content, especially regarding violent or harmful material. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
●  Conduct regular quality reviews to ensure that content moderation decisions align 

with established policies and guidelines. 

●  Ensure to meet all parameters as defined in SLAs. 

❖  Virtusa 

Title 

Role 

Google AdWords. 

Sr.Analyst 

Environment 

EWOQ Ad Rating System 

Client 
Responsibilities: 

Google 

●  Review the content of ads and flag off various abuses like hate speech, pharma 

regulated, harassment, adult etc, as per client’s standards. 

●  Creating hyperlinks to website subpages that appear under certain google listings to 

help users navigate the site. 

●  Creating Price extensions that add more value to the search network text ads which 
helps the end-users to easily find the prices of the required products or services. 

●  Reviewing the tickets raised by the advertisers and giving email support to 

advertisers when required. 
Identifying the highlights of the websites and creating callouts to the ads. 

● 
●  Worked on various Client’s websites and their information. 
●  Reviewing and Analyzing the Google Ads data. 
●  Ensure to meet all parameters as defined in SLAs. 
●  Trained new joinees and gave floor support to coworkers whenever required. 
●  Worked in multiple verticals. 

❖  Intelenet Global Services 

Title                                               Escalation Engineering 
Role                                                IT ANALYST 
Environment                                  Google Feedback Tool 
Client                                               Google 

Responsibilities: 

●  Reviewing the user feedback reports and finding out the bugs and new issues after 
latest updates or new feature launches in different google products and log all the 
bugs into Google's internal bug tracking tool. 

●  Performing audits for the tags and bugs tracked by the raters. 
●  Creating a Data frame in terms of QC and SLA to the management showcasing the 

current knowledge levels of the team. 

●  Worked in nimble environment, conduct huddles, give presentations and training 
sessions of new launches, providing documentation for innovative and complex 
issues with the developers and team. 

●  Testing the product in dog food (internal release) and in production version. 

 
 
 
●  Ensuring that the team delivers the Quality Standards and Productivity as per client 

requirements. 

●  Created quality error trending reports to identify errors and trained the team to 

eradicate the errors. 

●  Gave feedback regarding the errors of each individual on a daily basis. 

PROFESSIONAL SKILL SET: 

●  A quick learner with good verbal and written communication skills. 
●  Ability to deal with people diplomatically, adaptability to any kind of environment. 
●  Complete dedication towards any task given to me to be performed by me.  
●  Always open to new ideas and ready to learn new things. 

SOFTWARE SKILL SET: 

●  Operating Systems                                     Windows XP/7/8. 
●  Markup Languages                                     HTML, XML, CSS 
●  Programming Languages                            JavaScript, Angular 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

●  Completed Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering from Teegala 
Krishna Reddy Engineering College in the year 2014 with an aggregate of 77.2% 
●  Completed Intermediate from Sri Chaitanya Junior Kalasala in the year 2010 with an 

Aggregate of 90.2% 

●  S.S.C. from the Board of Secondary Education in the year 2008 with an aggregate of 

88.5%. 
STRENGTHS: 

●  Highly motivated and quickly adaptable to any new environment. 
●  Good ability to understand and analyze, smart working and flexible. 
●  Good decision-making abilities. 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

Address       :              C/o G. Sudhakar Reddy , H. No: 2-3-693, Road.No:1, 

Sai Nagar, Chanakyapuri Colony, Nagole, Hyderabad, 

Telanagana-500068. 

Date of Birth:               24-may-1993 

DECLARATION: 

I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge. If I 

would get a chance to work under your esteemed organization, I can truly discharge my 
duties.   

Signature, 

Shilpa. 

 
  
 
  
