Shivangi Mishra
LinkedIn | Email: shivangimishrav01@gmail.com | Mobile: +91-9555237877

Location: Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh, India

STUDENT

I am an enthusiast learner with a habit of learning by doing, a team player, smart working nature with a can-do attitude.
Aspiring to learn and accomplish the organizational goals accompanying my professional development. Currently seeking
opportunities in the field of Operations and CRM.

SKILLS

Tools

Soft Skills

Languages

EXPERIENCE

: G-Suite, MS-Excel, Wati, Delightchat- Shopify, Canva

: Smart working, Critical Thinking, Adaptative with positive attitude, Leadership

: Hindi Proficiency (written and spoken) and English Proficiency (written and spoken)

Donor Support Executive
Charitism

June 2022 – January 2024
Remote – Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh, India

• Following up on the chats and calls for the clients or lead conversion

• Developing an important and reliable relationship between the clients and company.

• Auditing of the workflow in support department to help delivering better customer experience.

Administration
The Mum Shop

Nov 2021 – May 2022
Remote – Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh, India

• Tracking inventory and product management of the client.

• Was responsible for managing and organizing office operations.

Content Writer
Mentify

Sept 2021 – Dec 2021
Remote – Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh, India

• Delivering non-plagiarized and real contents over different mental health related topics.

• Was responsible in assisting the organization for researched and potential content.

EDUCATION

Madan Mohan Malaviya University of Technology
Bachelor of Business Administration

Carmel Girls’ Inter College
Senior Secondary Education

Carmel Girls’ Inter College
Secondary Education

ACHIEVEMENTS

Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh, India
Oct 2021 – June 2024

Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh, India
April 2019 – July 2021

Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh, India
April 2014 – April 2019

• Was appointed as Media and Alumini Relations Head in college society "The Finance Club".

• Volunteered in an NGO for tutoring the underprivileged kids.

