Shpat Rexhepaj

+38349737620 | shpatrexhepaj75@gmail.com | Prishtina

Summary

Result-driven sales and administrative professional with a proven track record of exceeding targets and providing exceptional
support. Possessing a strong background is sales, customer service, and administration tasks. I am adept at building
relationships, driving revenue growth, and ensuring seamless operations. With excellent communication and organizational
skills, I effectively collaborate with cross-functional teams to achieve mutual success. Highly motivated and adaptable, I
thrive in fast-paced environments and consistently deliver outstanding results.

Experience

Revolo | Prishtina
Sales Agent in Norwegian | 09/2024 - Present

Qualifying leads based on their potential to convert into sales.
Reaching out to new and existing clients through phone calls, emails, or in-person meetings.
Closing sales deals effectively, ensuring all necessary paperwork and contracts are completed.
Setting and meeting personal sales targets or quotas.
Staying informed about market trends, customer preferences, and competitor products and pricing.
Sharing feedback from clients to help improve the sales process and product offerings.
Participating in training sessions or workshops to improve sales skills and professional development.

Fusion BPO | Prishtina
Customer Support Representative | 02/2023 - 08/2024

Resolve customer inquiries, concerns, and issues in a timely and effective manner, ensuring a positive customer
experience.
Provide excellent customer support to customers through various channels, including phone, email, and chat.
Develop a deep understanding of Fusion CXs products and services to assist customers effectively.
Maintain accurate records of customer interactions, issues, and resolutions for future reference.
Collaborate with internal teams to address complex customer issues and provide solutions.
Gather and provide feedback to improve products and services based on customer input.

Ditor GmbH | Prishtina
Sales Agent | 05/2022 - 01/2023

Adhered to company policies and scripts to consistently achieve call-time and quality standards.
Received multiple positive reviews acknowledging dedication to excellent customer service.
Responded to customer requests for products, services and company information.
Verified accurate responses to questions and inquiries by maintaining advanced product knowledge.
Maintained and encouraged customer loyalty through courteous and efficient resolution of disputes, complaints and
discrepancies.
Addressed escalated customer service issues sent from sales and service teams to save customer relationships.
Promoted available products and services to customers during service, account management and order calls.
Recommended products to customers and suggested other options if preferred product was unavailable.
Improved sales abilities and product knowledge on continuous basis to provide optimal service and achieve quotas.

Skills

Google Drive, Microsoft Office, Negotiation, Persuasion, Soft Skills, Analytical Skills, Customer service, Computer literacy,
Time management, Bilingual, Documentation review

Education

AAB College | Prishtina
Master, Mental Health | 10/2027

AAB College | Prishtina
Psychology | 10/2023

