+919405723349 |  shriniwasd110@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/shriniwas-dargad-443471193/

Shriniwas Dargad

OBJECTIVE

I am a passionate Electronics and Communication Engineering graduate with a GPA of 8.5. During my 
college years, I gained practical experience through internships in Human Resource Management and 
Digital Marketing. I also worked as a Mathematics Faculty at Byju's Tuition Center, where I honed my 
teaching skills.

In addition to my academic achievements, I have successfully completed projects such as "Digital 
Art Drawing in the Air Through Gesture" and "GSM Based Automatic Irrigation System." These 
projects showcase my ability to innovate and contribute to the -eld of HumanLComputer Interaction 
and agricultural development.

I possess a strong skill set in frontLend development, including HTMQ, CSS, jJuery, and OavaScript. 
Furthermore, I have expertise in SEq Copywriting, Digital Marketing strategies, Python programL
ming, and various online marketing techniWues such as Google Analytics and Ads.

zith my diverse background and passion for technologyLdriven solutions, I am ready to make a positive 
impact in any organi(cid:54)ation that values innovation and growth.

EDUCATION

TSSM'S BHIVARABAI SAWANT COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND RESEARCH 
PUNE
Electronics and Communication Engineering

Bachelor's degree

2018 — 2022

Shri Mahant Ramgiri Baba Jr. College., Watur
XII

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mathematics Faculty
Byju’s Tuition Center – Nanded

1. Teaching Mathematics to students online as well as oSline.
2. Teaching CB,Eb IC,E and ,tate yoard spllayus.
3. Designing and managing Curriculum
4. Prexaring and conducting eFam xaxers

Digital Marketing and Research and Development
Spade EMS

,xade Phagwara - Work Lrom home
1. vearnt ayout e8ent management and e8ent marketing
2. vearnt to Gnd guests Lor the e8ents
3. vearnt how to choose toxics Lor e8ent and how to market those toxics

High school or equivalent

2017 — 2018

Aug 2022 — Jun 2023
Full-time

Axr 2021 — fey 2022
Internship

Program Manager (BDA)
GoDutch - Pune

fey 2021 — Axr 2022
Internship

1. vearnt all the marketing strategies and xroduct management
2. Coordinated with the team oL j memyers as a team lead
3. Hot an idea oL on Geld marketing and con8incing xeoxle ayout the xroduct
4. Built team oL j interns Lrom college and eFecuted marketing as well as sales camxaigns. 

Human Resources Intern
Human Resource Management

Jan 2020 — fey 2021
Internship

Anar - work Lrom home
1. vearnt to shortlist candidate yp their axxlications.
2. vearnt to inter8iew candidates
3. vearnt to yuild a team Lrom scratch and managing the work oL the team and maintaining work rele8ant 
atmosxhere in team

PROJECT,

Digital Art Drawing in the Air Through Gesture

This xro(ect is ayout Digital Art in which we can make 8irtual drawing in the air with the use oL our Gnger tixs. 
It helxs in the de8eloxment oL )uman-comxuter interaction Q)CIz

GSM Based Automatic Irrigation System

This xro(ect is ayout the automatic irrigation spstem using H,M which helxs in the agricultural de8eloxment. As 
automation is taking xlace in numerous industriesb whp not in agricultural Gelds. ,ob we ha8e made this xro(ect to 
helx 8arious Larmers using H,M and make their li8es easier than yeLore. This xro(ect also helxs in conser8ation 
oL water as there is no wastage oL water.

,KIvv,

)TMvb C,,b (Yuerpb Ja8a,crixtb Cb ,EO Coxpwritingb Digital Marketingb Ppthonb

,earch Engine Oxtimi(cid:71)ation Q,EOzb Wey De8eloxmentb Hoogle Analpticsb Content Marketingb Hoogle Adsb

,earch Engine Marketing Q,EMzb Online Marketingb Pap Per Clickb In(cid:72)uencer Marketingb Kepword Researchb

Digital Marketing CertiGcationb (cid:73)ouTuye Ad8ertisingb ,alesb Mathematicsb ,ocial ,killsb Marketing

