SHRIPARNA SARKAR
KYC Associate, Senior Collection Executive 

+91 9382796341

shriparnasarkar200@gamil.com

Bangalore, India

SUMMARY

Being a self-motivated and hardworking person, I am seeking for an opportunity where I can utilize my knowledge
and skill to secure a challenging position in the organization, so that my output can replenish company's growth as
well. 

EDUCATION

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Acharya Bangalore B- School, Bangalore 

Masters degree in Business Administration
Percentage: 74%

College Of Engineering And Management,
Kolaghat

Bachelors Of Technology- Electrical Engineering
CGPA: 6.7

SKILLS

Hands on experience in CRM software.
Excellent knowledge in MS Excel and MS
Word and MS Office. 
Quick problem solving skill.
Time management.

CERTIFICATIONS

MS Excel 

       Platform: Udemy

Digital Marketing

       Platform: Google Digital Unlocked 

Company Name: slice
Position: KYC Associate- Senior Collection Executive & Quality
Auditor
Experience: April, 2022 -February, 2024

As a KYC Associate and Senior Collection Executive at slice with 1 year 9
months of experience, I have a strong understanding of Know Your
Customer (KYC) regulations and collection processes. My attention to
detail, problem-solving abilities, and communication skills have allowed
me to build long-lasting relationships with user and improve overall
collection performance.

Responsibilities and Achievements:

Verify and validate customer identity through various
documentation, ensuring accuracy and compliance with regulatory
standards.
My greatest achievement has been consistently meeting and
exceeding collection targets.
Connecting with users regarding repayment through Email and
WhatsApp.
Auditing chats, providing feedback to agents and helping them to
improve chat quality.
Maintain attendance report of the team.

LANGUAGE

English

Full professional proficiency 

Bengali

Full professional proficiency 

Hindi

Company Name: Astrotalk
Position: Operation Executive
Experience: January 2022- March 2022

As an Operation Executive at Astrotalk, from January 2022 to March 2022 I had
the opportunity to utilize my skills and knowledge to recruit talented
astrologers for the company. My role involved identifying potential candidates,
conducting interviews, and making hiring decisions based on their qualifications
and experience.

Full professional proficiency 

Responsibilities:

LINK

LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/shriparna-
sarkar-6638b019a

My role involved conducting interviews, assessing candidates' astrological
knowledge and skills, and providing training to new hires.
·Provided training to new hires on Astrotalk app and company policies.
·Following up on new process and application update and coordinating with
astrologer  and help them with new updates. 

