Location 

Pune, India 

Phone 

+91 9028007570 

Email 

snehabakle@gmail.com 

LinkedIn 

https://www.linkedin.com/i
n/snehabakle/ 

Education 

Gogte Institute of 
Technology  
2008  

Digital Marketing 
Certification  
2024 

Interests 

* Love to explore new 
places, meet new people, and 
try different food 

* Weekend group treks/ridge 
trails keep me in sync with 
Nature's rhythm. 

* Dancing makes me happy 
and energized. 

SNEHA BAKLE 

Detail-oriented and focused professional with expert interpersonal, planning, and 
organizational skills. Smoothly equipped to independently handle daily functions and 
meet customer needs. Self-motivated and dedicated to seeking full time position ready 
to help achieve company goals. 

Work Experiences 

July 2023 – Dec 2023 
Influencer Marketing Manager | DRIM 

•  Created detailed creative content based on client requirements and guidelines. 

Communicated clearly with Influencers, Clients, and Team heads to keep everyone 
on same page and working toward established business goals. 
Developed and cultivated positive relationships with influencers through emails and 
social media chat applications. 
Maximized performance by monitoring daily activities and mentoring team members. 
Maintained professional demeanor by staying calm when addressing unhappy or angry 
personnel. 

Jan 2023 – May 2023 
Administrative Coordinator |   Euro Kids  

•  Monitored and directed incoming mail and prepared outgoing mail. 

Developed and implemented organizational systems to streamline daily operations. 
Greeted visitors with professionalism and enthusiasm to provide support and 
guidance. 
Maintained databases and contact lists to keep important contact information 
accurate and up to date. 
Resolved issues through active listening and open-ended questioning, escalating major 
problems to Head. 

Aug 2020 – Dec 2022 
Online Coding Teacher |  WhitehatJr 

Worked to maintain outstanding attendance record, consistently arriving at work 
ready to start immediately. 
Prepared variety of different written communications, reports and documents as 
suggestions and feedback for continuous growth. 
Conducted timely meets to share the improvements/achievements and engaged in 
problem solving to resolve blockers. 
Enhanced my knowledge regularly with new learnings. 
Increased student satisfaction by resolving issues efficiently with tight deadlines. 

Key Skills 

Interpersonal skills 
Information gathering & Analysis 

• 
• 
•  Creative content writing 
•  Coding in JavaScript, HTML & CSS 
• 
Excellent time management 

. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
