Swati Tiwari
Delhi|Vadodara|Bareilly

• tiwari.swati.1103@gmail • 9354939575

Professional Summary
Graduate(BA Psychology) with comprehensive experience in content and academic writing, as well as
tutoring. Developed and delivered engaging educational materials, and in creative material.
Enthusiastic for positive opportunities and experiences.

Education

● The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda

Bachelors of Arts in Psychology
Graduated in 2024
Thesis:- Relationship between Procrastination, Experiential Avoidance or Psychological Inflexibility,
and Psychological flexibility among young adults.

● Sachdeva Global School

Higher Secondary (12th Grade)
Graduated in 2021

Experience
Esteem Publication
Vadodara, Gujarat
Intern (Academic writing)

2023 April - 2023 September

● Conducted extensive literature review, analysing more than 80 of scholarly articles to inform

research direction.

● Collaborated with the research team to draft manuscript for publication, and worked

extensively on the Introduction and Review of Literature for the same.

● Demonstrated proficiency in academic writing, contributing to the advancement of the project.

Private Tuition
Vadodara, Gujarat
Teacher

2022 April - 2023 March

● Developed and delivered engaging curriculum for Hindi, English and Psychology to 2

students, resulting in a 15% increase in exam scores.

● Utilised innovative teaching methods which are student centred, to enhance student

comprehension and participation.

● Provided individualised support to students, resulting in betterment of the student.
● Demonstrated proficiency in communication, enhancing efficiency and student learning

outcomes.

Freelance
Remote
Content Writing

2020 March - 2022 June

● Produced high-quality content for various clients across multiple industries, averaging five

articles per week.

● Demonstrated proficiency in content, caption, email, academic writing and content script

writing, consistently meeting client expectations.

● Collaborated with clients to understand their unique needs and preferences, delivering

customised content solutions as well as conducted thorough research to ensure accuracy and
relevance of content.

The Engineer Bro
Remote
Editor

2021 January - 2022 September

● Edited and produced high-quality video and photo content for an instagram account,

achieving in audience engagement and a 50k increment in followers.

● Managed colour correction, audio syncing to create visually compelling and cohesive final

products.

Certificates

● Organised an awareness booth for Mental Health at PsychNirvana conducted by the Faculty

of Education and Psychology, Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda

● Summer Programme with Ganga Ram Hospital

