SWETAPADMA PARIJA
H R   P r o f e s s i o n a l ' s  
A  competent  MBA  (HR)  professional  with  overall  2  years  of  experience  in  HR
Industry. A professional with 2 years of experience in the Govt of Odisha as an
Admin  Executive  in  HR  &  Operations  &  worked  on  assignments  in  various
subjects such as Performance Management, HR strategy creation and execution,
Project Management, File & Document Management etc. 

Experience

Admin Executive at Govt of Odisha 
HR & Administration 

Assist manager to  maintain employee records
Administer payroll processing
Complete administrative duties for the department
Provide administrative support and data to all employees.
Maintaining  and  updating  the  official  database  on  time-to-time
basis as per process. 
Developing  effective  reports,  presentations,  briefs  as  per  the
requirement and communication from the Government. 
Liaising  between  the  administration  and  team  and  efficiently
communicating  their  needs  and  requirements  &  handling  them
judiciously. 

AURORA MANAGEMENT SERVICES
HR Recruiter 

Develop and update job descriptions and job specifications
Post  Ads  on  different  hiring  websites,  Naukari,LinkedIn,Indeed  another  hiring
platform.
Review Candidates 
Schedule Interviews for HR
Provide Feedback about candidates to HR

HR Intern at Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. Paradeep 

Understanding the entire recruitment process as an intern. 

Managing and trouble-shooting the employee related issues. 

Real  time  exposure  in  understanding  the  HR  Operation  process  &  the

Payment and bonus procedure of the organisation. 

Aditya  Birla  Fashion  and  Retail 
Saheed Nagar, Bhubaneswar      

(Pantaloon)

Rendering  support  to  the  operations  team  and  getting  a  hands-on
experience  of  the  entire  cycle  like  Tagging,  packaging,  attending
customer, billing etc. 
Monitoring  Customer  relation  techniques  &  developing  strategies
to enhance them.

Extracurricular Activities & Achievements

Participated in National Level HRM Seminar. 
Won the 1st Prize in Inter College Quiz & Debate Competition. 
Student Manager in college & organizing and arranging college events.
Radio jockey in Radio Sanskar 91.2 FM Channel. 
State Level Badminton & Athletics Champion. 

Contact

Phone
+91 8249701351

Email
swetapadmaparija65@gmail.com

Address
 Bengaluru  India

Education

2014 -2017
Bachelor of Commerce

Utkal University

2017 -2019
Master of Business Administration
Biju Patnaik University of
Technology (BPUT)

Expertise

 Advance MS Office,

 Management

Strategic thinking,

Decision-making

Multi-tasking

Teamwork

Language

Odia 

Hindi

English

