Taha Huda

Profile

Action-oriented individual with good knowledge in Finance, Research, 
Operations, management and Data Analysis. Data-driven decision making 
abilities with statistics, probability, critical thinking. Equipped with 
proficient social skills yet more effectively unescorted. More than 4 years 
of experience working with Ms-Excel, Google Sheet and SQL.

                                            India, Thane - 401 107 

Details

tahahudawrk@gmail.com

8898641091

DOB -: 30/06/2001-

Professional Courses

Google Data Analytics Certification
Oct, 2021 - Mar 2022

JP Morgan Investment Banking Virtual Experience
Mar, 2022 - May, 2022

Reading Professional Financial statement at CFI
Dec, 2020 - Feb, 2021

Excel Crash Course-Spreadsheet formulas for finance at CFI
Jan, 2021 - Feb, 2021

Corporate Finance at University of Pennsylvania
May 2024 - May 2024

Work History

Links

LinkedIn

Skills

Management

Research

Ms-Excel

Data Analytics

SQL

Communication

Visualizations

Languages

Head of Opeartion's from Enigma Gaming Pvt Ltd
Jan 2023 - May 2024                                                                                                                                                                              
Developing and implementing long-term and short-term operational strategies 
aligned with the organization's goals and objectives. Leading and managing teams 
across various operational functions such as event management, player relations, 
broadcast production, and venue operations. Establishing and overseeing 
operating budgets, which include distributing funds wisely to support important 
projects while preserving financial viability.

Hobbies

English

Hindi

Reading Books

Data Research Intern(Business and Personal Finance) from Vertigo 
Studio SA(Romania)
Aug 2022- Oct 2022                                                                                                                                                                                
Working with larger dataset organizing, sorting, filtering the data                                     
Researching business and finance related data from first party sources i.e, USA 
governmental portals or different research websites.                                                           
Creating effective visualization with data also framing effective  questions to make 
the research more appropriate.                                                                                                        
Monitored the Global and Indian Financial markets to make informed decisions.  

Fitness & Nutrition 

Market research Intern from Wattmonk Technologies Pvt Ltd
May 2022 - July 2022                                                                                                                                                                              
Utilized diverse research techniques and online or published data collection tools 
to amass key information or statistics, supporting business objectives. Devised 
questionnaires, surveys and open forum discussions to generate real-time data 
collection from target demographic. Completed research, compiled data and 
assisted in timely reporting. 

Financial Analyst Intern from Munify

 
 
 
 
 
Jan 2023-Apr2023                                                                                                                                                                            
Creating the national municipal financial database by preparing and reviewing 
data sets in MS-Excel, Formatting such datasets for upload in the database and 
normalization of State Codes as per national codes(national Municipal Accounts 
Manual) Worked on texting and analyzing the database output involving the 
budget, accounts, and financial ratios of municipalities.

Sales Associate from Mos Designs
Mar 2021 - April 2022                                                                                                                                                                                       
Assists clients in making product selections. stimulates sales via sharing product 
expertise, engaging consumers, and suggestive selling. extends a warm greeting 
to and welcomes guests. answers the inquiries of clients.

Education

Bachelor's of Accounting and Finance at Shree LR Tiwari Degree 
College, Mumbai
Feb, 2019 - May, 2022

Commerce stream at Thakur College of Science and Commerce
Jun, 2017 - Feb, 2019

Academic Research / Project Work

May 2024 - May 2024

RESEARCH WORK 1: 
Analysis of financial markets (Final year research)
Technologies used : google Docs, Excel, Statistical tools (anova, 
coorelation).
Associated : Bachelors in Accounting and Finance ( Shree Lr Tiwari Degree 
college)
Aims and objective of research:
• To analyze relationship between awareness of analysis of financial 
   markets and knowledge of analysis .
• To study relationship between investment and profitability
• Conducted a descriptive research with sample size of 97 to back our 
thesis.

PROJECT WORK 1: Cost Benefit Analysis: customer Relationship 
Management (CRM)
Platform Technologies: google sheets
Associated : Coursera Project network
Description:
• customer Relationship Management (CRM) Platform
• Considering tangible and intangible costs & benefit.
• Breakeven point & ROI

PROJECT WORK 2: Investment risk management
Associated : Coursera project Network
Technologies used: google finance, google sheets
Description: 
• monthly returns and standard deviation
• calculation 1. Beta, 2. Treynor ratio 3. VAR(value at risk) 95% ,99% for 
companies Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Netflix, Google. By using SPX (s&p 
500) as a benchmark.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
