TAUSEEQ HUSAIN

D I G I T A L   M A R K E T E R

+91-9044331522

iamtauseeq@gmail.com

About Me

As  a  Digital  Marketing  Executive,  I  have  developed  and  executed  effective  strategies
across various digital platforms, significantly increasing website traffic through successful
SEO  and  social  media  initiatives.  By  creating  relevant  and  engaging  content,  lead
generation  has  been  enhanced.  With  strong  communication  and  project  management
skills,  effective  collaboration  with  cross-functional  teams  drives  objectives.  Proficient  in
Google  Analytics,  Meta  ads,  LinkedIn  ads,  AdWords,  and  email  marketing  tools.  A
passion for the latest digital trends and a creative approach make me a strong candidate
for the Digital Marketing Executive position.

Expertise & Skills

Experience

Social Media Marketing.
Social Media Optimization.
Search  Engine  Optimization  (On  &  Off
Page)
Content Creation and Marketing.
Content  Writing  include  Website  Content,
Blogs.
LinkedIn Ads.
Meta Ads.
Google Ads.
Google Analytics.
YouTube SEO 
Lead Generation.
Email Marketing
Graphic Design (Infographic)
Content Research and Development
Copywriting

CloudSeals Pvt. Ltd. (September 2023 - Present)

Digital Marketing Executive

Started working as a Digital Marketing Executive, for a UK based company.
Managing  various  Digital  Marketing  fields  including,  SEO,  SMM,  SMO  Meta  Ads,
LinkedIn  Ads,  Google  Ads,  Lead  Generation,  Blog  writing,  Content  writing,  writing
website content and creating ad campaigns.
Taking care & boost of website traffic by using SEO techniques Organically.
Generate leads from Meta ads and LinkedIn ads.
Utilized Google Analytics to track website performance.
Managed social media accounts for brand exposure
Collaborated with design team for visually appealing ads
Infographic Creation along with Graphic team
Write an SEO optimized blogs and a website content.
Work on “ON-Page SEO as well as OFF- page SEO.
Generate Leads and do conversions.
Focusing on Keyword research.
Give a boost to social media platforms, Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube and Instagram.
Creating Social Media calendar and Content Planning for various Platforms.
Team Leading based on project with Graphic designer and motion graphic artist.

Languages

GrubWeb Service (January 2021 - September 2023)

English
Hindi
French
Urdu

Digital Marketing Executive

Developed  and  executed  digital  marketing  strategies  to  increase  online  presence
and drive sales.
Managed social media platforms of various clients.
Boost  Website  Traffic  of  international  as  well  as  national  clients  by  using  SEO
techniques.
Creating Infographic.
Conducted market research to identify new opportunities for growth.
Monitor website analytics by using Google Analytics.
Content writing including Blogs, Website Content, Social Media caption
Conduct  Keyword  research  and  both  On  &  Off  page  SEO  to  improve  organic
search rankings and increase traffic.
Created  and  executed  social  media  marketing  campaigns  on  platforms  such  as
Facebook,  Instagram,  and  Twitter,  resulting  in  growth  in  social  media  followers
and engagement.

RSEC Educational Institute (January 2020 - January 2021)

Digital Marketing Associate

Assisted in the development and execution of digital marketing strategies, including SEO, PPC, social media marketing, and email marketing. 
Conducted competitor analysis and market research to identify opportunities for growth and stay ahead of industry trends
Managed  social  media  accounts,  created  and  scheduled  content,  and  engaged  with  the  online  community  to  enhance  brand  awareness  and
customer engagement
Assisted in the optimization of website content and structure to improve organic search rankings and increase website traffic.
Identify new opportunities for brand growth

Education

Degree

Bachelor’s in Business Administration

University of Lucknow

Certifications

The Fundamentals of Digital Marketing by Google Digital Garage
SEO Toolkit By SEMrush Academy
Content Marketing at Hubspot Academy
Instagram Automation Course By Digital Scholar
Strategic Digital Marketing By Data trained
Content Marketing and SEO Fundamentals By SEMrush Academy

Internship

Digital Marketing Intern at DataTrained Institute (Noida) 

looking into On Page SEO.
Creating a backlink for Off Page SEO.
Social Media Optimization.
Creating ad copy & campaigns.

