Proven skills in increasing customer

engagement and business visibility in

online searches through successful

SEO approaches. Experienced in

developing marketing initiatives,

increasing business success and boost

sales. Excellent analytical,

organizational and decision-making

abilities.

Thasni Raj P T

Digital Marketing Analyst 

Skills

Keyword Optimisation  

Social media strategy development

Blogging and article writing

Social media content creation

Advertising & Branding

2011-2014

B-TECH

Work Experience

Electronics & Instrumentation

2023- Till date

CUSAT

2007 - 2010

Diploma

Electronics & Instrumentation

Kerala technical board

2007

SSLC

TDHSS Thuravoor

+974-50932731

Al-Khor , Qatar

thasnirajpt@gmail.com

https://www.linkedin.com/in/thas
ni-raj-pt-7a008a9b

Zenerom Creative Lab 

Digital marketing Analyst 

Handling social media campaign and managing team to handling
social media timeline upload
Initiated market research studies and analyzed findings.
Maintained in-depth understanding of industry practices and
trends to best promote products.
Identified technology framework required to support digital
strategies.
Analyzed website data such as traffic, interactions, conversions and
goals to find areas of improvement.
Generated reports to monitor and analyse website performance,
search engine rankings, or domain authority.
Collaborated with designers, copywriters and developers, creating
effective search marketing campaigns.
Created content strategies for digital media.
Developed and deployed content marketing strategies to improve
organic search traffic.

2018- 2021

Petroserv Institute of Technology 

Strategic Development Manager 

Directed product development efforts using industry-specific
tools to increase sales and overall company productivity.
Supervised team duties related to decision support and
business intelligence for business users.
Oversaw preparation of marketing copy, images, videos,
emails, and other collateral.
Continually maintained and improved company's reputation
and positive image in markets served.

 
Secured long-term accounts by recommending strategies to promote brand effectiveness and
highlight product benefits.
Coordinated with design and media teams to develop high-quality creative assets.
Launched successful digital marketing campaigns that achieved goals for increased website traffic.
Mentored local personnel on best practices and protocols to maximize productivity.
Generated sponsorships with related and partnering entities to enhance marketing objectives.
Optimized email campaigns to increase open and click-through rates.
Captured new customers by optimizing business strategies and launching products to diversify
offerings.
Created and managed social media campaigns to increase brand engagement.
Improved website visibility through development and implementation of SEO strategies.

2016- 2018

School of Instrumentation and Information technology

District Course Coordinator

Developed community education programming events and other activities designed to
increase and improve educational outcomes.
Conducted conferences with parents and students to review progress, adjust academic plans,
and renew enrollments.
Planned, formulated and assessed goals, policies, and activities designed to implement
educational objectives and performance standards.
Identified methods and tools to promote student success in project-based learning.
Tracked educational program progress to identify strengths and opportunities.
Supported staff recruitment initiatives for high-quality program delivery.
Designed or used assessments to monitor student learning outcomes.

2015- 2016

Keltron REC

 Course marketing executive

Developed technical and non-technical marketing presentations, public relations campaigns,
articles, and newsletters.
Established targets for social media platforms to reflect business objectives.
Travelled to promote current programs and drive marketing through trade shows and industry
conferences.
Identified target audiences and devised campaigns to match target demographics and
optimize results.
Implemented key initiatives and activities aligned with brand strategy and brand advocacy.

2014- 2015

PVS Memorial hospital

 Biomedical engineer Trainee

Maintained strict adherence to laboratory guidelines and regulations, verifying safety and
protective procedures.
Inspected laboratory and manufacturing equipment and immediately sent non-working devices
out for repair.
Coordinated projects and activities to sustain team member health in orbit by assessing medical
hardware failures and implementing real-time troubleshooting.
Examined visual issues and impairments driven by increases in intracranial pressure.
Kept detailed records and documents of research requirements and procedures.
Collaborated with multidisciplinary specialists to research and develop solutions to address issues.
Diagnosed malfunctioning equipment and ordered parts to repair or replace non working ones.

.

