Tiara Monica 
Financial Accountant | 
Link Builder  | 
IT Business Analyst | 

Bali, Indonesia • +6281703921888 
xeepher002@gmail.com • 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/timonhoo87/ 

Personal Details: 
▪ Place of Birth: Surabaya  
▪ Nationality: Indonesian  
 ▪ Civil Status: Single  

A growth-focused and highly analytical professional with solid performance in leading comprehensive off-page SEO 
strategies to ensure consistent business growth and long-term financial strength for organizations  

Qualifications Summary 

●  A  solid  history  of  conducting  and  monitoring  SEO  off-page  campaigns  to  ensure  outreach  content  and  article 

placement run effectively. 

●  Articulate communicator with key customers and colleagues with exceptional problem-solving and analytical skills; 

adept at leading, mentoring, and motivating staff to achieve company business objectives. 

●  Proficient in  General ledger, Data entry, Microsoft Office, Windows, server maintenance, ASANA,  Google Sheets, 

Ahrefs, SEMRush, and Moz 

Career Experience 

Link Builder | SEMJar.com 

May 2020 – Aug 2023 

●  Organize  and  complete  regular  analyses  on  leads  and  negotiation  for  link  placement  in  various  niches  and 
geolocation;  igaming,  forex,  eCommerce,  and  travel.  Oversee  essential  SEO  anchor  text  by  applying  the  best 
practices and combining data into a data-driven SEO strategy. Evaluate SEO metrics and lead quality (Ahrefs, 
Moz,  and  SEMRush).  Build  new  and  establish  existing  relationships  with  publishers,  and  also  maintain  good 
communication with clients to accommodate their queries. Working with various team members to understand 
their requirements and implement solutions accordingly. 

Key Achievements/Contributions: 

●  Built and strengthened strong relationships with over 800 publishers (web admins and brokers) to meet clients’ 

requirements. 

●  Firmly  secured  over  50  high-quality  links  per  month  and  maintained  low  cost  per  link  monthly  without 

jeopardizing link velocity as a link builder. 

●  Maintained accurate and thorough vendor and clients records  

●  Prepared various reports as requested by management and analyzed data for errors 

●  Automated and built a smooth management process through CSV, Google Sheets,  and ASANA integration. 

Link Builder Intern | SEMJar.com 

March 2020 - May 2020 

●  Organize  and  complete  regular  analyses  on  leads  and  negotiation  for  link  placement  in  various  niches  and 
geolocation; igaming, forex, eCommerce, travel, and health. Build new and establish existing relationships with 
publishers.  Working  with  various  team  members  to  understand  their  requirements  and  implement  solutions 
accordingly. 

Key Achievements/Contributions: 

●  Built and strengthened strong relationships with over 300 publishers (web admins and brokers) to meet clients’ 

requirements. 

●  Firmly  secured  over  30  high-quality  links  per  month  and  maintained  low  cost  per  link  monthly  without 

jeopardizing link velocity as a link builder. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Assistant Finance Manager | Surindo Teguh Gemilang, PT, Surabaya, East Java, Indonesia 

Jan 2019 – June 2023 

Generate invoices, prepare budget drafts, issue purchase orders, and conduct accurate calculations for COGM (Cost of 
Goods Manufactured) and COGS (Cost of Goods Sold). Deliver timely and accurate financial information to stakeholders 
aimed at facilitating informed financial planning and resource allocation. 

Key Achievements/Contributions: 

●  Provided insightful direction and guided a team of six members in managing administrative and financial tasks. 

● 

Identified discrepancy in one of annual tax reports and proposed mutually beneficial solutions for company and 
tax authority. 

●  Assisted  finance  manager 

in  transforming  company's  financial  state  from  disorganized  state 

lacking 

documentation to concise and systematic workflow. 

Cost & Stock Controller Spv  | Surindo Teguh Gemilang, PT, Surabaya, East Java, Indonesia 

Jan 2015 – Jan 2019 

Administered plant's operational budget by tracking cash flow and financial indicators. Conducted calculations of raw 
material stock and led management of purchasing documents to align daily operations  with the company's objectives. 
Compiled  and  analyzed  account  information  to  prepare  accurate  entries  for  asset,  liability,  and  capital  accounts  in 
adherence to local tax regulations.  

Key Achievements/Contributions: 

●  Spearheaded  comprehensive  yearly  material  stock  audit  across  five  manufacturing  plants,  exhibiting  robust 

leadership skills and effectively managing a dynamic team of 60 professionals. 

●  Directed annual inventory audit and generated insightful reports using General Ledger software. 

Accounting Staff | Surindo Teguh Gemilang, PT l Surabaya, East Java, Indonesia 

April 2012 – Jan 2015 

Generated financial reports, focusing on production material stocks and pricing by leveraging factory-specific and sales 
data. Collected expansive datasets single-handedly that typically performed by a team of 2-3 individuals. 

Additional Experience  

Sales and Marketing Staff (Freelance Remote) | Karya Usaha Teknik, UD, Denpasar, Bali, Indonesia 

   2020 – 2023 

●  Played pivotal role in facilitating closure of major project at several 5 Stars Hotels in Bali, valued at $30K in 2019 

just before onset of COVID-19 pandemic. 

●  Pitched compelling business proposals to 50 medium-luxurious hotels per month, securing 20-30% successful 

acquisitions, and yielding average project revenue between $15K-$20K 

Education 

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science 2005-2009 

GPA 3.37 out of 4 

University of Surabaya , Indonesia 

– Member of Student Executive Board  

Languages 

Bahasa:  Native Speaker 

English: Fluent 

Dutch: Conversational 

 
 
