Tinashe 
Mutano 

Harare, Zimbabwe 
+263 78 625 3430  
tinashe@tetronpower.com 

Experience 
JUN 2021 - Present 
Chief Executive Officer & Chief Product Engineer / Tetron Power Inc. (Formerly The NIIVV Project) 

•  Creating,  communicating,  and  implementing  the  organization's  vision,  mission,  and  overall 

direction. 

•  Overseeing the executives and assisting in the decision making to achieve set upon goals. 
• 

Leading  a  battery  research  and  development  initiative  which  is  extensively  developing  high-
energy and high-power density Lithium-ion battery cathodes. 
Identifying opportunities for future business development and expansion. 

• 
•  Analyzing feasibility, cost, and return on investment for product ideas. 

SEPT - NOV 2020 [Harare, Zimbabwe] 
Market Analyst / AMRAS Communications (Part-time) 

•  Responsible  for  conducting  market  research  for  business  clients,  areas  of  focus  including 

Zimbabwe’s energy, real estate, hospitality, and agriculture sectors.  

•  Aggregate and process Zimbabwe’s economic indicators and apply them to investment proposals 

for clients. 

MAR 2018 – 2021 [Harare, Zimbabwe] 
Battery Technology Research Engineer / The NIIVV Project  

• 

Leading  a  battery  technology  initiative  which  is  extensively  researching  advanced  high  energy 
density Lithium-ion battery technologies. 

•  Responsible  for  designing  Lithium-ion  battery  composite  cathodes  using  active  materials  that 
have high internal surface area to enhance the overall energy density of the composite cathodes. 

JUL 2013 – MAR 2018 [Kelowna, BC] 
Battery Technology Research Engineer / The NIIVV Project  

• 
Leading a battery technology program researching Lithium-ion battery recharging systems. 
•  This research program spun off into Niivv Energy Inc which was incorporated in Canada in 2016 

and dissolved in 2018. 

APR 2016 – FEB 2018 [Kelowna, BC] 
Research Engineer & Director / NIIVV Energy Inc. 

•  Responsible  for  developing and  testing novel materials  for their  capacity to  induce spinmotive 

force.  

•  Particular focus was placed on investigating magnetic fields and their potential application in the 

development of an in-device recharging mechanism for Lithium-ion battery modules. 

 
 
 
 
 
JUL - SEPT 2014 [Kelowna, BC] 
Sales Representative / World Gym  

•  As a part-time staff member, I was responsible for selling memberships to prospective clients.  
•  Responsible  for  maintaining  relationships  with  existing  clients  to  ensure  that  they  remain 

enrolled.  

•  Role required that I be perceptive and competent when marketing the memberships, facilities 

and programs available. 

MAY – JUL 2013 [Kelowna, BC] 
Practicum Intern / Canadian Cancer Society 

•  Assisted in finalizing and establishing the core elements of UBC Okanagan’s WellnessFits, an on-
campus  initiative  geared  towards  educating  the  university  staff  on  cancer  and  chronic  disease 
prevention methods.  

•  The job description demanded the capability to efficiently and effectively host diverse events to 
promote  the  organization’s  core principles and available prevention modules to the university 
staff. 

SEPT 2012 – APR 2013 [Kelowna, BC] 
Learning Technology Assistant / UBC Okanagan Library 

•  As  a  part-time  staff  member,  I  supported  students  with  utilizing  the  technological  resources 

available to them in the library and labs around campus.  

•  The job involved performing frequent diagnostic assessments of the library and labs’ hardware to 

ensure their efficient function at all times.  

•  This position called for a technical, responsible, and vigilant individual who was ready to take the 
initiative to address immediate issues that surfaced as well as potential causes of disruptions in 
the library’s services. 

OCT 2012 – DEC 2012 [Kelowna, BC] 
Practicum Student Co-Researcher / UBC Okanagan Health and Wellness Centre 

•  Assisted in conducting a campus-wide research initiative which sought out to gather conclusive 
data on the university’s student and staff community, primarily data on their perception of the 
pro-health status of the university’s resources and facilities.  
In this position, a co-researcher was required and expected to be hands-on and support the 
team in collecting data; processing and analyzing it, with the goal of eventually bringing the data 
to life and truly observe what the community required and yearned for from a ‘health and 
wellness’ perspective. 

• 

•  As part of this experience, each co-researcher prepared for and obtained a TCPS 2 Core research 

ethics certificate from the Canadian government’s Panel on Research Ethics. 

JULY 2012 [Kelowna, BC] 
Volunteering Member / UBC Okanagan Student Panel 

• 

Invited to support visiting delegates from Eastern African educators’ committees in their mission 
to acquire more knowledge on the University of British Columbia’s Okanagan campus, in 
particular, knowledge about the campus’ growing status as a premium post-secondary 
education facility. 

•  This role required the supporting member of the panel to be well spoken and well-versed in the 
dealings of the university as an educational facility; working closely with the International 
Student Recruitment and Advising department . 

2 

 
 
MAR 2012 [Kelowna, BC] 
Volunteer / UBC Okanagan Students Union 

•  Worked closely with the Financial Coordinator/ Executive Chair and the council during the 

Student Union’s election campaign.  

•  As volunteers for the Union, we outlined and promoted the Union's vision for a more unified, 
transparent, and efficient committee geared towards serving the students and placing their 
interests and needs at the forefront of all future dealings. 

FEB 2012 – FEB 2013 [Kelowna, BC] 
Entrepeneur / Accelerate Okanagan 

• 

I was one of the select winners at a Jumpstart “Pitch-off” event and secured a place in the 
regionally coveted Entrepreneurship@AO program; a comprehensive BC Innovation Council 
sponsored program designed to support and nurture entrepreneurs and their projects from 
product concept to market entry. 

JUN – JUL 2008 [Geneva, Switzerland] 
Summer Intern / World Trade Organization 

•  Prepared documents and various resources for international conferences and meetings hosted 

at the World Trade Organization and at the United Nations.  

•  As an intern, one was expected to be extremely organized and independent whilst performing 
dedicated tasks requiring effective cooperation with other teams within the organization.  
•  This intern position provided first-hand experience concerning the importance of efficient time 
management skills as well as insight into the inner workings of international organizations. 

Education 
2002 – 2008 
High School Diploma / Collège du Léman, Geneva, Switzerland  

2004 - 2006 
Cambridge International General Certificate of Secondary Education / Collège du Léman, 
Geneva, Switzerland  

2006 - 2008 
International Baccalaureate Diploma / Collège du Léman, Geneva, Switzerland 

2008 - 2013 
Bachelor of Human Kinetics / University of British Columbia, Kelowna, Canada 

2021 - Present 
Master of Human Rehabilitation (Online) / Stellenbosch University, South Africa   

3 

 
 
 
 
 
 
