RESUME

Tushar Sudam Savkar
Sambhaji Housing Society,
Malegaon Camp, Tal-Malegaon (423205)
Dist : Nashik
Mobile:  +91 9021491562,     
Email: savkartushar@gmail.com

CARRER OBJECTIVES

Always seeking innovative and challenging career in the professionally managed and 

dynamic organization, which provides the best opportunities to development and greater 
responsibilities to contribute towards organization

EDUCATION QUALIFICATION:
Bachelor of Engineering (CS): from Samarth Group Of Institution College of Engineering, Pune
University, Passing year 2015 with 63.33%.
Diploma   In   Computer  Technology:  from   K.B.H.   Poly.  Malegaon   Camp,   Malegaon,   MSBTE,
Passing year -2011 with 73.14 %.
10th: from Janata Vidyalaya Aghar Bk, Nasik Board, Passing year - 2005 with 60.60 % 

TECHNICAL SKILL

I have done Digital Marketing Course with Google Adwords  fundamental and search network
online   exam   certification   in   Laviner   Institute     Of   Professional   Studies.(LIPS)   with   3   Month
Experience in Eprintpost.com .
SEO: Onpage and Offpage.
Seo tool used Google webmaster, Google  Analytics, Open Site Explorer, SEO Quake  
Google Adwords search network, display network, remarketing, shopping, video network. 

 Operating System :  Windows XP, Linux, Windows 7, Windows 10

Data Base                  :  My SQL

Professional Experience :

1)   Organization :-     DhruvaCreation  Technologies  Pvt  Ltd
          Designation  :-   Digital Marketing Executive 
          Duration      :-    Dec 2015 To April 2016

Project Handle: Eprint post.com to handling this website social media Google AdWords and seo 
marketing.

2)   Organization:-     Centurysoft Pvt Ltd.
       Designation  :-    Digital Marketing Executive 
       Duration:-.           April 2016 to present 

   Project :-    (TBI) thebeautyinsiders.com
                      Solvadrm.com

Area of work: 

To provide a keyword ranking on search engines like google, bing,    Yahoo.
Approaching various website for guest posting to build a back links.
       Link Building, Approaching Influencers, Find broken link from                

competitive website, Video and Banner Posting,   






       
 


 1. SEO :-

 On Page Optimization :- : Keyword Analysis, Meta Tags, Header Tags, Reduce loading
time to         optimizing images and server data, Google Analytics code setup, , robot.txt 
creation, Generate structured data, Structure Data Generation.

 Off Page Optimization :- Article submission, Blogs Creation and Submission (Blogger, 

Wordpress), Theme base directory submission, Posting on all the Social Media Networking 
Sites, Local Business Listing, PDF Optimization and publishing, Q & A Submission, 
Creating XML Sitemap and submission in Google Webmaster Tool.

 2.  SMO Activity :-

New Profile creation on Social Networking site like Facebook, Twitter,  Pinterest, 
Delicious,                                                                                      Google+, Posting daily on 
Social Networking site, Follow People, Request to Follow back, Sharing content and links.

 4. Web Analytics :-

Generating Reports for Traffic Analysis, Website Performance over the Globe & Scenario 
Analysis using Google Analytics, Google Insight and also Preparing Executive level reports 
by importing external data in MS Excel. Start-up Analysis for new projects and SEO 
Suggestion documents creation.

3. Using Tools :-

Google Analytics,  Webmaster Tool, Google Keyword Planner Tool, SEO Quake, 

Google Adwords, Similer web, 

ACADEMIC PROJECT :-

BE Project:” Application of Data Hiding in Audio-Video Using Anti Forensics Technique for     

            Authentication and Data”

Duration                            : 1 Year
Team size                          : 4
Technology used              : Java
Operating System used   : Microsoft Windows XP Professional SP-2

              Description              

:  Data   Hiding   Means   to   hide   the   secrete   data   behind   the
original video   file. Using AES algorithm for encryption as

well as LSB algorithm is used to hiding data for Last bit of    audio file and provide   
password for authentication behind
video frame and RLSB algorithm used to decrypt data from Stego Video.

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

Google Adwords,  SEO, Search,  Display Marketing 2015 Certified.

Organized a AIM’s Programming Contest-2009 in K.B.H Polytechnic
Organized a fest in S.G.O.I  COE, the name of fest was “GALAXY”.
Organized a fest in S.G.O.I  COE,  the name of fest was “National level technical event

“Science & Technology for rural development - 2014”.

Organized a fest in S.G.O.I COE, the name of fest was “Sankalp - 2014”.

 



      





STRENGTHS

Team player.
Self motivated.
Determined to learn with practical approach.

DECLARATION:

I   hereby   declare   that   the   above   stated   information   is   true   &   correct   to   the   best   of   my

knowledge & belief.

Date                                                                                                    Yours Sincerely,
Place: 
(Tushar Sudam Savkar)




    
