Vaishnavi Kushwaha 
CR Park, New Delhi | +916376831563 | vaishnavikush10@gmail.com | Linkedin 

OBJECTIVE 
Seeking an entry-level opportunity with an esteemed organization where I can utilize my skills and enhance learning in 
the field of work. I am a very hardworking person and I prefer completing my task with utmost sincerity and dedication. I 
believe that everything can be accomplished through sheer hard work and willpower. 

EDUCATION 

Maitreyi College, University of Delhi 
2023 
●  Bachelors in commerce 
● 

7.63 SGPA 

12th Standard 
● 
88% 

SKILLS 
●  Leadership 
●  Management 
●  Creative 
●  Hardworking 
●  Efficient 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

June 2020 – May 

April 2019 - May 2020 

EAETH.ORG, Sales Intern 

Oct 2021-Dec 2021 

I was responsible for achieving sales targets-weekly and monthly. 

 
  Received appreciation from the team and the seniors as well for always being punctual and completing my targets 

on-time. 

  Participated proactively and enthusiastically in every training provided to the team which led to improvement in 

sales skills and product knowledge. 

  Helped in providing positive and motivating work environment. 
  Provided support to my team where ever they needed it. Helped in resolving disputes within the team and provided 

solutions that promoted cooperation and promoted healthy competition within the team . 

Knot & Celebrate, Operations and Client Servicing Intern 

Jan 2022- Feb 2022 
  Manage event budgets, negotiate vendor contracts, and track expenses, resulting in a 10% decrease in event costs. 

  Oversee event logistics, including registration, check-in, and event setup, resulting in a 95% satisfaction rate 

among attendees. 

  Create and distribute event invitations via email and social media, resulting in a 25% increase in event attendance. 

  Collaborated with team members to gather requirements and provided assistance, resulting in a 15% increase in 

team productivity. 

AIILSG, Delhi, Operations Intern 

Feb 2022 – April 2022 

●  Manage all aspects of event planning, including venue selection, vendor management, and event 
marketing. 

●  Create and distribute event invitations via email and social media, resulting in a 25% increase in event 
attendance. 

●  Coordinate with international organizations to secure keynote speakers and panelists, resulting in an 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
80% increase in event prestige and industry recognition. 

●  Conduct outreach to well-known personalities and secure their participation in events, resulting in a 
15% increase in event buzz and media coverage. 

The Skillians, Team Leader 

Nov 2022- Oct 2023 

 

I was responsible for setting up clear and achievable sales targets for the team. 

  Provided training for the team members, helping them improve their sales skills and product knowledge. 

Regularly monitor the sales team's performance. 

  Helped in providing positive and motivating work environment. Helping the team in completing their targets. 

  Addressed all the conflicts and challenges within the team, mediating disputes, and provided solutions that 

promote cooperation and productivity.  

MATCHBOX VENTURES PVT LTD, Client Servicing Executive 
Jan 2024 
 

I was a part of pitch presentations and coordinated on creative deliverables to clients. 

Nov 2023- 

  Managed existing & new client relationships. 

  Collaborated with team members to execute sales and marketing campaigns by leading brainstorming sessions for 
internal and Met with clients to plan and implement marketing campaigns for brand building and lead generation, 
aligning with overall external projects, company goals and sales targets. 

  Helped in gathering and analyzing data to reach insights about brands, competitors, and trends. 

  Coordinated public relations and outreach initiatives, including media releases, awards, company announcements, 

and speaker proposals. 

  To brainstorm with the team for creative solutions. 

  My role included taking event briefs from clients, providing solutions by writing proposals and building client 

relationships. 

AFP IDEAS & EXECUTION PVT LTD, Client Servicing Executive.                                           Jan 2024- May 
2024 
 

I negotiated with internal and external groups. 

  Proposed new and creative ideas, highly effective communication skills. 

  Helped in building constructive and effective relationships. 

  Applied sound judgment in strategy meetings with management when dealing with Concept ideas, new 

initiatives and budget discussions. 

  Worked on ideas and presentations based on client briefs. 

  Managed the execution of the events. Interacted with the client on a regular basis & understanding their 

requirements. 

  Paid Attention to detail, deadline focus and priorities and execute multiple tasks. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

I was responsible for the Pre event, on site & post event requirements. 

I have prior experience & ability to work with cross-functional teams. 

CERTIFICATIONS 

Part of the theatre society, Abhivyakti Society 
Part of the Physical Education Department 

● 
● 
●  National Webinar on first help in medical emergency, Health & Hygiene Committee 
●  Microsoft Excel 

 
 
 
 
 
