VINIT KUMAR

Mobile - +91-8743092123
E-mail kain.vineet@gmail.com
Address Rz-83 virendra
market Najafgarh New
Delhi-110043 ,INDIA

OBJECTIVE

Keen to have a challenging and performance oriented carrier with an organization of
distinction which recognizes my true potential me sufficient avenues for professional
growth in the field of SOFTWARE ENGINEERING

PROFILE SUMMARY

• Proficient in finding and resolving malfunctions, using exceptional technical
and communication skills.

• An effective communicator with excellent interpersonal, logical thinking &
analytical abilities.

Detail-oriented, organized and meticulous employee. Works at fast pace to meet

tight deadlines. Enthusiastic team player ready to contribute to company success.

EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS

● Pursuing Graduation
● 3 YEARS SOFTWARE ENGINEERING DIPLOMA from NIIT

● 12th pass with science CBSE board
● 10th pass with CBSE board

CERTIFICATES

● Financial Risk Analytical
● The Fundamental Digital Marketing
● Introduction to Cybersecurity Tools & Cyber Attacks
● Technical Support Fundamental

PERSONAL SKILLS

• Strong analytical and helping skills

• Keeping itself calm in the situation of conflict.

• Remarkable patience and motivational skills

• Unmatchable communication skills in written and verbal both.

● Customer support

● Linux

● MS SQL Server 2000

● JavaScript

● HTML and XML
● Programming Languages
● JavaScript framework management
● C++

Experience
INCEPTION (2017-2019)

● 2 years EXPERIENCE OF CUSTOMER SERVICE AGENT. NEW DELHI

● Listened to customers' questions and concerns to provide answers or responses.
● Built strong relationships with field operations team to support business development

opportunities and improve service.

● Conducted surveys to determine customer opinion of products and services.
● Provided excellent customer service by efficiently resolving issues and responding to

inquiries.

●

3 Years of teaching experience (2017-2020)(Tuition)

● Communicated frequently with parents, students and faculty to provide feedback and

discuss instructional strategies.

● Planned and implemented integrated lessons to meet national standards.
● Supported student teachers by mentoring on classroom management, lesson planning

and activity organization.

● Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions

● Yoctel Solution Pvt. Ltd (2019 Feb -2022 Feb)

Software Engineer / Analyst

● Reviewed project specifications and designed technology solutions that met or exceeded

performance expectations.

● Worked with software development and testing team members to design and develop robust

solutions to meet client requirements for functionality, scalability and performance.

● Adjusted design parameters to incorporate new features.
● Introduced agile methodologies and development best practices to division to enhance

product development.

● Discussed project progress with customers, collected feedback on different stages and

directly addressed concerns.

● Analyzed proposed technical solutions based on customer requirements.
● Led software development initiative as subject matter expert for project management staff.

SKILL SET

• Warm Personality
• Sincerity and honesty

• Cross cultural sensitivity

• Detail oriented

• Customer focused

• Positive attitude towards work.

EXTRA CURRICULUM

• Took part in Mr. India (PETER ENGLAND) modeling.

Well versed with:

• MS word, MS power point ,MS OFFICE 365

Hobbies

Gym, Listening International music, Cooking

These activities helps me to relax and helps me to become details oriented

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Father's Name : Mr. NARESH KUMAR
Date of Birth : 20 OCT 1995
Languages Known: English, Hindi
Gender : Male
DECLARATION

I hereby declare that above mentioned information are correct to the best of my knowledge and
believe.

(Signature)

