Phone No : 9140227553 
Email : yashmeh9140@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: Yash_Mehrotra 

YASH  MEHROTRA                                        
Profile : 
Results- driven individual seeking a position in the customer service business with a proven 
track record of providing great support and satisfaction. Skilled in handling customer concerns 
and issues , giving personalised solutions , and maintaining a high degree of professionalism. 
Proven ability to multitask in high-pressure situations while paying attention to detail and 
quality. I demonstrate proficiency in communication , problem solving , and developing 
excellent customer connections. Committed to providing excellent service and contributing to 
the team’s and organization’s success. 
Education: 
Year 

Qualification 

Institute 

2020-2023  Bsc (Hons) Mathematics  Dyal Singh College , University of Delhi 

2020 
2018 

XII , ISC 
X , ICSE 

Professional Certifications: 

City Montessori School 
St Peter’s School 

CGPA 
   6.973 
94.5 % 
91.8 % 

  The Fundamentals of Digital Marketing : Google Digital Garage 
  Program in Customer Relationship Management BPO Voice : NIIT Foundation 
  Advanced MS Excel Formulas and Functions : Udemy 
  Customer Retention Maximise your Sales : Udemy 

Internships / Work Experience : 

o  Maths Tutor ( Self Employed )                          June’20-Dec’20 (6 months)           

  Taught Mathematics to students from Class 6th  to 12th in my neighborhood. 
  Grown my coaching center to 50 children with multiple tutors 

o  TuteDude ( Sales and Marketing Intern)           Jan’21-March’21(3 months) 

  Was responsible for promoting their courses and bringing leads across various 

social media platforms. 

  Also handled customer’s queries and helped them in better understanding of the 

LMS ( Learning Management System ). 

o  Hotel Satyam (Customer Service )                    April’21-July’21(4 months) 

  Was handling customer inquiries , resolving issues and ensuring guest 

satisfaction. 

  Also effectively managed reservations, ensuring accuracy and timely follow up. 

Achievements : 

  Zonal Topper in Astronomy Olympiad in Class 12th organized by NTA. 
  ISC (Class 12th ) Maths Topper  ( Scored 100 marks ). 

Extra Curricular Activities : 

  Organized a Blood Donation Camp with the help of an NGO “Aasha’. 
  During Covid Lockdown period , organized a food donation drive with the help of 

Volunteers of “Gayatri Dharma Sansthaan”. 

Key Interests: 

  Stock Market Investing / Trading ( Particularly Swings) 
  Reading Mystery Thriller Novels 
  Coding ( HTML, Python ): Build a Calculator in Python using various APIs and 

frameworks 

