YOGITA BAVISKAR

Navi Mumbai, India | LinkedIn | baviskaryogitaa@gmail.com

WORK EXPERIENCE

Right Control and Instrument| Navi Mumbai, India | Family business
Business Development Manager

October 2018 - Present

● Conducted comprehensive market research, identifying new markets and business opportunities, resulting in a

remarkable 50% product portfolio expansion.

● Strategically identified and closed deals, yielding substantial revenue growth and a significant increase in successful

conversions.

● Cultivated and maintained relationships with key stakeholders, including clients, suppliers, and partners, resulting in a

20% increase in collaboration and business development initiatives.

● Demonstrated exceptional project management skills by leading cross-functional teams, ensuring the timely delivery of

services, and achieving a 30% improvement in project efficiency.

● Provided detailed reports and updates to senior management on business development activities, showcasing key

performance indicators and growth prospects, resulting in a 25% increase in strategic decision-making effectiveness.
● Orchestrated successful event marketing campaigns at expos, boosting brand visibility and facilitating lead generation

efforts, resulting in a 40% increase in brand recognition and a 50% rise in qualified leads.

● Maintained a proactive, results-driven approach to prospecting, continuously seeking opportunities for growth and

improvements, resulting in a 15% increase in sales pipeline and a 20% enhancement in conversion rates.

Skills: Marketing Strategy · Market Research · Communication · Lead Generation · Project Management ·
Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint and Word) · Zoom and MS Teams

INTERNSHIPS

Kool Kanya Pvt. Ltd.| Mumbai, India | Remote
Marketing Intern

November 2022- March 2023

● Developed and curated marketing collateral (paid ads, memes, landing pages, emailers) resulting in successful campaigns.
● Coordinated with design and content teams, achieving a 60-day advance timeline for marketing deliverables.
● Produced 80+ LinkedIn posts with engaging captions, leading to a 15% increase in follower growth and engagement.
● Tracked LinkedIn and content analytics to inform content strategy and meet Key Result Areas (KRAs).
● Managed a database of 67k+ email contacts, improving email open rates to an average of 20%.
● Enhanced brand presence and engagement through Online Reputation Management (ORM), increasing

company follower rate by 8%.

● Conducted competitor analysis and research to enhance content strategy across all marketing efforts.

Skills: Copywriting · Competitive Analysis · Marketing Strategy · Social Media · Research and Analysis · Written Communication
· Collaboration and Coordination · Project Management · Critical Thinking · MS Teams · Slack

Sindhi Culture Foundation | Bangalore, India | Remote
Program Coordinator- Intern

August 2021- October 2021

Developed content strategy utilising Google tools, resulting in streamlined content creation across 7 themes.
Executed social media marketing tactics, increasing the foundation's followers from zero to 150 in 4 weeks.

Directed social media agency to align with project objectives.

●
●
● Managed the foundation's social media pages, enhancing engagement and visibility.
●
● Maintained a centralized database of digital assets on Google Drive.
●
●
●

Established Mailchimp email automation for effective marketing campaigns.
Created engaging event promotion emails to boost participation.
Demonstrated leadership by training and supporting 2 new team members.

Skills: Marketing Strategy · Market Research · Communication · Project Management · Collaboration and Coordination ·
Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint and Word) · Zoom and MS Teams

Prehistoric Rock Paintings of Usrar, Singhpur, district Satna, North Central India: A Preliminary Investigation and Analysis, ICON
Journal of Archaeology and Culture, VOLUME 7 (2020), ISSN: 2347 - 7032

PUBLICATION

VOLUNTEERING

● Editing abstracts for the Journal of Iran National Museum (JINM)
● Museum of Oxford: Authored briefs on select monuments for the museum’s digital curation efforts
● Adivasi Bahu Uddeshiy Gramvikas Sanstha: Led efforts toward impoverished Tribal women’s economic

empowerment.

EDUCATION

Durham University, UK, PG Diploma Human Bioarchaeology and Palaeopathology
University of Pisa, Italy, Summer school in Osteoarchaeology and Palaeopathology
with a €500 scholarship
Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda, Gujarat MA and BA(Hons.) Archaeology

Sept 2019- Sept 2021
June 2018

July 2013- May 2018

