ZAINAB A KALKOTI

ASSISTANT PROJECT MANAGER 

SUMMARY 

Aspiring  Electronics  &  Communication  Engineering  student  at  New  Horizon  College  with  a  strong  foundation  in

analysis  and  collaboration.  Eager  to  leverage  my  academic  projects  and  prior  experience  in  learning  solutions  and

team  dynamics  to  contribute  to  an  innovative  engineering  environment.  Passionate  about  technology  and  fostering

inclusivity.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Event Manager, Page3 Entertainments  | June 2019 - December 2020

As an Event Manager at Page3 Entertainments in Hyderabad, I orchestrated diverse events with meticulous planning,

budget  management,  and  client  coordination.  I  excelled  in  vendor  collaboration,  logistics,  and  on-site  operations,

honing  my  creativity,  problem-solving,  and  communication  skills  to  deliver  memorable  events  that  exceeded  client

expectations and upheld Page3's excellence.

Assistant Project Manager, Pink Pagdi  |January 2024 - April 2024

As an assistant project manager in wedding planning, I support the project manager in coordinating logistics, liaising

with  clients  and  vendors,  managing  budgets  and  timelines,  and  ensuring  the  smooth  execution  of  weddings.  With

meticulous  attention  to  detail  and  strong  organizational  skills,  I  contribute  to  successful  event  planning  and  client

satisfaction.

EDUCATION

CERTIFICATIONS

Electronics and Communcations, New

Human Resource Management- edX. 2022

Horizon College of Engg & Technology

Quantitative aptitude basics - Udemy 2021

SKILLS

Strong Organizational & Time Management

Google sheets, Google docs 

Content writing 

Leadership

Microsoft 

Data Visualization

Problem solving

Verbal & Written Communication

PROJECTS

Voice controlled wheelchair using IOT

Automatic rain-sensing car wiper

 Comparisonof QAM and QPSK-based OFDM

technique

Doorbell activated by IR sensor

Waste Segregation

Personality Development Workshop - 2019

Brand Management – London Business School 

Fundamentals of Digital Marketing - Google

Digital workshop. 

Digital marketing educational program.

Ultimate Guide to content marketing.

New generation entrepreneurial opportunities

and challenges.

CONTACT

+91 6362134 213

xynabkalkoti@gmail.com

Bengaluru, Karnataka, India

LinkedIn 

