Zamandosi Cele 

Portfolio: clippings.me/zama_1_cele_7 Cell: +27 69 322 0868  Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/zamandosi-martina-cele/ 

EXPERIENCE 

  Outreach and Communications Lead - Cherry Digital PTY LTD (Full Time) - London, UK 

   JUL 2023 - Present 

-  Developed and executed successful link-building campaigns, securing high-authority backlinks and syndicated 

coverage from reputable publications. 

-  Managed the end-to-end lifecycle of campaigns, from content ideation and creation to outreach and performance 

analysis. 

-  Optimized content for search engines using strategic keyword integration to enhance online visibility and improve 

organic rankings. 

-  Managed the end-to-end lifecycle of campaigns, from content ideation and creation to outreach and performance 

analysis. 

- 

Built and nurtured relationships with media outlets, journalists, and stakeholders to maximize campaign reach 
and impact 

- 

Stayed ahead of industry trends and algorithm updates to implement cutting-edge SEO and PR strategies. 

Digital Public Relations Specialist - Cherry Digital PTY LTD (Full Time) - London, UK 

JUL 2021 - JUN 2023 

-Generating content for campaigns 

-Producing copy such as articles and blog posts for client websites. Using applications such as Buffer to schedule 

social media posts across various platforms. 

-Creating mailers for various campaigns with the aid of platforms such as MailChimp and Sendy. 

-Incorporating SEO practices and principles into content and copy to generate leads. 

-Utilizing SEO Tools to draft thorough campaign analysis documents for clients. 

-Utilizing CRM tracking, Google Analytics, Google Alerts and various other tools for campaign analysis and finding 

ways to generate leads. 

-Conceptualizing client brief and translating that to fully fleshed out campaigns. Liaising with clients to update them on 

the progress/success of campaigns. 

-Running google surveys to collect relevant data as per client request. 

-Incorporating keyword research in content driven campaigns. 

Public Relations Assistant - Cherry Digital PTY LTD (Full Time) - London, UK 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MAR 2020 - JUN 2021 

-Contributed a library of content for client customized campaigns. 

-Produced both long and short form copy for clients as requested. 

-Brainstormed various campaign ideas. 

-Used Search Engine Optimisation principles in order to increase reach on the google search engine. 

Activation/Brand Management Assistant - Simunye Media  (Full Time) - Cape Town, SA 

SEP 2019 - FEB 2020 

-Research relating to consumer behavior in the afro-urban market. 
-Managed various activations for brands associated with the company. 

-Managed and produced content for the company's social media platforms. 

-Analyzed campaign performance to provide actionable insights and improve future activations. 

EDUCATION 

University of Cape Town, CPT — BA English Literature & Politics and Governance 

2016 - 2018 

Bachelor of Arts in English Literature and Politics & Governance - Faculty of Humanities Courses Included: Public Policy 
and Administration, South African Politics, English Literature, Contemporary Literature. 

TECHNOLOGY & TOOLS 

● Microsoft Office 

● G-Suite 

● Canva 

● WordPress 

● Monday 

● Asana 

● Notion 

● Trello 

● MailChimp 

● Workable 

● Google Adwords  ● QuestionPro 

SOCIAL ORGANIZATIONS/VOLUNTEER WORK 

●  UCT Fashion Society - Member 2018 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
